what were the cities of dickens <s a tale of two cities ?
how high is mount kinabalu ?
what u.s. state has an element named for it ?
where is melbourne ?
who killed gandhi ?
what position did satchel paige play in professional baseball ?
what animal do buffalo wings come from ?
what <s the most abundant element in the sun ?
which country colonized hong kong ?
when was the boston tea party ?
what day is august 13 , 1971 ?
who is the owner of cnn ?
what are capers ?
what kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
the orange bowl is in what city ?
how can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
what piano company claims its product is the << instrument of the immortals << ?
what michelangelo sculpture is in saint peter <s cathedral , basilica , ?
what is the name of the highest mountain in africa ?
what caused the titanic to sink ?
how often does the united states government conduct an official population census ?
how many megawatts will the power project in indonesia , built by a consortium headed by mission energy of us , produce ?
which company claimed to be << the world <s biggest toy store << ?
what are the three secondary colors ?
what incident caused the canning of a summit conference between eisenhower and khrushchev ?
how many community chest cards are there in monopoly ?
who is the tallest man in the world ?
what was known as the spice island ?
who is the governor of tennessee ?
what year did the milwaukee braves become the atlanta braves ?
in what city is the us declaration of independence located ?
where is los vegas ?
what task does the bouvier breed of dog perform ?
how much does water weigh ?
what city has the zip code of 35824 ?
what are coral reefs ?
what are pennies made of ?
what is the name given to the islamic counterpart of the red cross ?
what did mr. magoo flog on tv for general electric ?
what <s the official animal of canada ?
what is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
what caused harry houdini <s death ?
what soviet seaport is on the black sea ?
what spy novelist served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london ?
what <s the tallest building in new york city ?
what game is garry kasparov really good at ?
when was the first jet invented ?
how many varieties of twins are there ?
what game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
what makes black hills , south dakota a tourist attraction ?
where are zebras most likely found ?
what is the length of border between the ukraine and russia ?
what city is massachusetts general hospital located in ?
when was jerusalem invaded by the general titus ?
what does the abbreviation aids stand for ?
what was the name of hitler <s unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in 1923 ?
who is colin powell ?
who was the inventor of silly putty ?
what is the national park in utah ?
who died 1 feet from where john f. kennedy did ?
who took the toys donated for the doodyville orphans < fund and kept them for himself ?
what was darth vader <s son named ?
what <s the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
what was the name of the stage play that a. lincoln died at ?
how many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of crokinole ?
what canadian city has the largest population ?
how long do hermit crabs live ?
what band did the music for the 1970<s film << saturday night fever << ?
who painted olympia ?
what was the name of the us helicopter pilot shot down over north korea ?
what is the name of the satellite that the soviet union sent into space in 1957 ?
where was c.s. lewis born ?
what soap was touted as being << for people who like people << ?
the jewish alphabet is called what ?
what is the source of natural gas ?
how many oceans are there and name them ?
what is the august birthstone ?
what sport is played on the largest field ?
what 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
what is ozone depletion ?
what is the name of the us military base in cuba ?
where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
the iraqis launched their attack on kuwait on what day ?
how long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
what is grenada <s main commodity export ?
what is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
what <s the red planet ?
which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
what is god ?
where is the salton sea ?
in what year was the movie the ten commandments released ?
when did the american civil war end ?
what is bph ?
what is the name of neil armstrong <s wife ?
what 1920s cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ?
what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
who murdered leno and rosemary labianca on august 1
what u.s. state lived under six flags ?
which african country <s major export is coffee ?
how much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
what is osteoporosis ?
when was the first flush toilet invented ?
what are the major differences in the catholic and methodist religions ?
what year did wilt chamberlain score 100 points ?
what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
name the ranger who was always after yogi bear .
what fossilizes to form coprolite ?
what <s the northernmost u.s. state apart from alaska ?
how do ouija boards work ?
what planet has the strongest magnetic field of all the planets ?
who portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate ?
how do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
what is the difference between am radio stations and fm radio stations ?
can you give me the name of a clock maker in london , england ?
what is the state with the smallest population ?
what was the first tv set to include a remote control ?
how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
what country is the world <s leading supplier of cannabis ?
what do economists do ?
what is desktop publishing ?
what fuel do airplanes use ?
logan international is located in what city ?
who was secretary of state during the nixon administration ?
what is the name of the airport in amsterdam ?
how do you measure the heat of the sun ?
where did the maya people live ?
who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
why is a ladybug helpful ?
colin powell is most famous for what ?
what is the text of an opera called ?
how much of the nation <s children between the ages of two and eleven watch << the simpsons << ?
when did bob marley die ?
what is the abbreviation for the london stock exchange ?
what do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
what is mark twain <s real name ?
what city is lake washington by ?
what was called the world <s largest department store ?
what year was janet jackson <s first album released ?
what is the origin of the word ozymandias ?
what movie won the academy award for best picture in 1989 ?
name a symptom of mononucleosis .
what city boasts penn <s landing , on the banks of the delaware river ?
where <s montenegro ?
what soft drink first appeared in the old corner drug store in waco , texas , in 1885 ?
what famous soldier was born in europe , died in asia , and was laid to rest in africa ?
what city is terrorized by dracula in the night stalker ?
what is platinum ?
how old was babe ruth when he died ?
how do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
what is foot and mouth disease ?
what basketball maneuver did bert loomis invent ?
what are the twin cities ?
what was eduard shevardnadze <s job in the soviet union ?
what is die-casting ?
who painted mother and child ?
what is a female rabbit called ?
what year was alaska purchased ?
what is pulmonary fibrosis ?
what are halloween <s colors ?
what is an isthmus ?
how much in miles is a ten k run ?
what is the former name of zimbabwe ?
what <s the olympic motto ?
at what speed does the earth revolve around the sun ?
how many students attend the university of massachusetts ?
where was tesla born ?
what video game hero do some of his fans call chomper ?
what cards are bullets ?
what is nicaragua <s main industry ?
what <s the better-known identity of john merrick , the noble ogre of victorian england ?
how many inhabitants live in the town of ushuaia ?
what is the nickname of oklahoma ?
where is the mayo clinic ?
who was the author of the novel << far from the madding crowd << ?
what country is berlin in ?
what did george washington call his house ?
what is the stanley cup made of ?
italy is the largest producer of what ?
who manufactures synthroid ?
who portrayed dracula in hammer studios < films ?
what do you get by adding lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
what is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
what prompted the co-pilot of the enola gay to enter only << my god << in his log ?
what is the website for the usa journal ?
what does << janelle << mean ?
what tv game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
who was credited with saying : << i never met a man i did n<t like << ?
what caused the death of bob marley ?
who signed the declaration of independence from vermont ?
what year did hitler die ?
what year was the mona lisa painted ?
name li <l abner <s favorite indian drink .
when was chewing tobacco banned in baseball ?
what is amitriptyline ?
what is the name of a salt lake city newspaper ?
how many people live in tokyo ?
what color is a poison arrow frog ?
what u.s. state is fort knox in ?
what is the origin of the term << the brooklyn side << in bowling ?
what song did patti page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
what company is being bought by yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
what city is duke university in ?
what is fungus ?
list the names of casinos owned by native americans .
why in tennis are zero points called love ?
what are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
what <s the difference between j.d. and ll.m. ?
what is the nickname of the british flag ?
who wrote the hymn << amazing grace << ?
where can i get information about cystic fibrosis ?
what is the life expectancy of the average woman in nigeria ?
when was the first steel mill in the united states built ?
what <s the only mammal that can <t jump ?
what is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
what is the highest dam in the u.s. ?
how many south american countries have the letter z in their names ?
where was harry truman born ?
how do storms form ?
how many lives were lost in the china airlines < crash in nagoya , japan ?
what kind of dog is scooby doo ?
what is the u.s. location of procter & gamble corporate offices ?
when was london <s docklands light railway constructed ?
what is sake ?
what river runs through rome , italy ?
what six words follow the line : << from a jack to a king.. << ?
where can i find information about bob barr , representative from georgia ?
who wrote the book , << song of solomon << ?
what state does charles robb represent ?
how can you prevent it ?
what crop failure caused the irish famine ?
where is logan airport ?
name a south african diamond producer ?
how did virginia woolf die ?
what is hypertension ?
what was thailand <s original name ?
what do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on dr. pepper bottles ?
what is ioc an abbreviation of ?
what makes popcorn pop ?
why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
who was the first person to reach the south pole ?
what cruise line does kathie lee gifford advertise for ?
what is paracetamol ?
who was elected president of south africa in 1994 ?
when did jaco pastorius die ?
what is the definition of << graphic details << ?
how old is stevie wonder ?
who discovered oxygen ?
what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
what baseball team owner and sailor is known as the mouth of the south ?
when was microsoft established ?
what 2 statues did france give to other countries ?
what does nn o< mean when used as a prefix in irish surnames ?
where is kings canyon ?
when did mount st. helen last have a significant eruption ?
what does choo choo charlie say ?
what is the length of the coastline of the state of alaska ?
how can you raise your iq ?
what river flows through vienna , budapest and belgrade ?
what is the homelite inc. home page ?
what is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
what is java ?
how can i find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
how long does it take for spider-man <s web to evaporate ?
what european country is home to the beer-producing city of budweis ?
where are the union stockyards ?
what do i need to learn to design web pages ?
what country <s national passenger rail system is called via ?
what date is boxing day ?
who invented the telephone ?
what well-known tv talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
where does cinnamon come from ?
what female painter produced primitives of rural new england life ?
what year did rossetti paint << beata beatrix << ?
what is the abbreviation for micro ?
when is the summer solstice ?
who <s the twin brother of the greek goddess artemis ?
in poland , where do most people live ?
what is the most populated country in the world ?
what does tb stand for in baseball stats ?
what causes pneumonia ?
what kind of meat is fray bentos synonymous with ?
who invented the radio ?
who lives at 39 stone canyon way ?
what is south africa <s total population ?
who is the emperor of japan ?
what body of water does the colorado river flow into ?
what was the name of the famous battle between texas and mexico ?
what is the area of venezuela ?
what is the capital of zimbabwe ?
what tv comediennes <s characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
mississippi is nicknamed what ?
what is mad cow disease ?
what ever happened to the once popular yale lock company ?
material called linen is made from what plant ?
what is the origin of the name katie ?
what game do steve mcqueen and edward g. robinson play in the cincinnati kid ?
what animal was the heat-seeking missile called the sidewinder named for ?
what is new york <s state bird ?
who was the first woman killed in the vietnam war ?
how many gas stations are there in the united states ?
what is the dot on an the letter i called ?
who was the first us president to ride in an automobile to his inauguration ?
who portrayed << the man without a face << in the movie of the same name ?
where was christopher columbus born ?
what are pomegranates ?
who is the prophet of medina ?
who invented the instant polaroid camera ?
what is the best college in the country ?
who assassinated president mckinley ?
when is bastille day ?
what cemetery is thurgood marshall buried in ?
what does each of the utilities cost in monopoly ?
what u.s. state is dixville notch in ?
what is the origin of the word << attic << ?
what does the latin ante mortem mean ?
how do chickens have baby chicks ?
what percent of egypt <s population lives in cairo ?
who invented silly putty ?
what famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
what is garry kasparov famous for ?
what island group contains jersey , guernsey , sark and herm ?
where does << bovine << come from ?
what president <s favorite biblical quotation was : << come now , and let us reason together << .
who is always trying to get the rent from andy capp ?
how many jews were executed in concentration camps during wwii ?
what is a fear of being cold ?
what is nicholas cage <s occupation ?
where is the statue of liberty ?
what is the fare cost for the round trip between new york and london on concorde ?
what year did ellis island open its doors to immigrants ?
what are john c. calhoun and henry clay known as ?
what company manufactures sinemet ?
what letter adorns the flag of rwanda ?
what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he <ll be << the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! << ?
what product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
who was the first king of england ?
what time of year has the most air travel ?
how much
who owns the st. louis rams ?
what year did oklahoma become a state ?
what city is sometimes called gotham ?
what year did the andy griffith show begin ?
how many people watch network television ?
what is the c programming language ?
what british tv series featured emma peel ?
which vietnamese terrorist is now a un delegate in doonesbury ?
who provides telephone service in orange county , california ?
how many earth days does it take for mars to orbit the sun ?
what anniversary is the 20th ?
who was the first woman in space ?
how was teddy roosevelt related to fdr ?
what is a group of frogs called ?
who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia people believe in ?
what do chefs call the master spice ?
what do penguins eat ?
who was the pride of the yankees ?
when was the battle of the somme fought ?
what soft drink contains the largest amount of caffeine ?
what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
what comedian was born allen stewart konigsberg ?
why does n<t www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
what dictator has the nickname << el maximo << ?
what dynasty star made her 2th century-fox debut in the virgin queen ?
where was richard nixon when gerald ford became president ?
what are shooting stars ?
what was the purpose of the manhattan project ?
what is the difference between new york-style and chicago-style pizza ?
what is the origin and the meaning of the name , << hajo ? <<
what mustachioed comedian portrayed frankie in north to alaska ?
who holds the record as the highest paid child performer ?
where is the oldest synagogue in the united states ?
what is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
what is bombay duck ?
how many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
how do you get dates with the << hooters << girls ?
how many gutenberg bibles are there ?
who won the nobel peace prize in 1992 ?
what year did the titanic start on its journey ?
what state was herbert hoover born in ?
where did honecker rule ?
what are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
when did the carolingian period begin ?
name an american made motorcycle .
how wide is the milky way galaxy ?
what are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
what country did the ancient romans refer to as hibernia ?
who were the picts ?
where is the mall of the america ?
what <s the most powerful card in euchre ?
what are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
who is the greek god of the sea ?
what do flatfish eat ?
what author did photographer yousuf karsh call << the shiest man i ever met << ?
who created the literary character phineas fogg ?
how far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
where is the grand canyon ?
what <s the final line in the edgar allen poe poem << the raven << ?
what is the name given to a group of geese ?
what name is horror actor william henry pratt better known by ?
how do i stop background noise in a car stereo ?
when was queen victoria born ?
where is the bridge over the river kwai ?
what is the name of the country which hitler ruled ?
how do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
who portrayed jake in the television show , << jake and the fatman << ?
what is a nickname for mississippi ?
where are the u.s. headquarters for procter & gamble ?
when did israel begin turning the gaza strip and jericho over to the plo ?
where was bill gates born ?
what good little witch is casper <s girlfriend ?
what is the population of japan ?
what city is logan airport in ?
when are sheep shorn ?
what imaginary line is halfway between the north and south poles ?
what year did poet emily dickinson die ?
how tall is the giraffe ?
what company sells the most greeting cards ?
which country is known as << big bear << ?
how do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
what does the acronym nasa stand for ?
what is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
what is the abbreviated form of the national bureau of investigation ?
what is the location of lake champlain ?
who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
which disciple received 30 pieces of silver for betraying jesus ?
what did shostakovich write for rostropovich ?
what <s the most common nickname of u.s. college football teams ?
what is the kashmir issue ?
what are the words to << my way << written by paul anka ?
where can i get u.s. economic statistics ?
who was the lead singer for the commodores ?
who is zebulon pike ?
what is narcolepsy ?
what is a pyrotechnic display ?
where is prairie view a&m university ?
what body of water does the euphrates river empty into ?
why is black the color of mourning in the west ?
what is the age of our solar system ?
who is the pope ?
what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
what country are godiva chocolates from ?
what metal has the highest melting point ?
who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ?
what nation is home to the kaaba ?
when was algeria colonized ?
what is neuropathy ?
how many home runs did lou gehrig have during his career ?
who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
what are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
when will jean aeul publish her next book ?
what does necrosis mean ?
what famed tennis tournament <s men <s singles title was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
what do mormons believe ?
in which state would you find the catskill mountains ?
how do fuel injectors work ?
what is the percentage of water content in the human body ?
what was the first gilbert and sullivan opera ?
what is the busiest air travel season ?
what army was founded by william booth and his wife catherine ?
how far is it from buffalo , new york to syracuse , new york ?
what year did wwii begin ?
what is the capital of yugoslavia ?
who is the president of ghana ?
how long did the charles manson murder trial last ?
what is the life expectancy for crickets ?
why are the rooftops in canada green ?
what 19th-century painter died in the marquesas islands ?
how many double-word-score spaces are there on a scrabble crossword game board ?
what is the world <s population ?
when was the first atomic bomb dropped ?
what was the only country in the western hemisphere to join the russian-led boycott of the 1984 summer olympics ?
what u.s. president showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
how many url extensions are there ? and what are they ?
what does the policeman become in the canadian edition of monopoly ?
what comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show <s host ?
what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
how many milliseconds in a second ?
what famous spanish poet died in spain <s civil war ?
rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
what country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the turks in libya ?
what is eagle <s syndrome styloid process ?
what is the name of the airport in dallas ft. worth ?
what is nicotine ?
when did the jurassic period end ?
how much did manchester united spend on players in 1993 ?
what do west indian steel bands use as instruments ?
what russian master spy lived in the u.s. under the name emil goldfus ?
what was the number of people that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ?
what are cigarettes made of ?
what <s a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
what city is disneyland in ?
who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ?
what peninsula is spain part of ?
what other name were << the little rascals << known as ?
what is dick clark <s birthday ?
where is anne frank <s diary ?
how many canadians emmigrate each year ?
who was the prophet of the muslim people ?
what is a micron ?
what percent of world <s fresh water is found in canada ?
what 2th-century fictional character attends pencey prep school ?
what did jesse jackson organize ?
what is a fear of cold ?
what kind of gas is in a fluorescent bulb ?
who wrote << the pines of rome << ?
what is the date of bastille day ?
what is a fear of passing high objects ?
what was football star elroy hirsch <s nickname ?
what instrument did glenn miller play ?
what presidential press secretary dismissed watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
what is another name for the north star ?
what are the two types of twins ?
when were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
what river in the us is known as the big muddy ?
what is the capital of california ?
name a stimulant .
what is the historical relationship of catholic church and bingo ?
what does the name << justin << mean ?
what is the jewish alphabet called ?
who is the governor of alaska ?
where is venezuela ?
what is a << usb << port on a computer ?
what <s the name of the star of the cooking show , << galloping gourmet << ?
who was the first coach of the cleveland browns ?
where do the adventures of << the swiss family robinson << take place ?
what composer was awarded the medal of honor by franklin d. roosevelt ?
where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a film journal ?
what were the trials called which followed world war ii ?
what galaxy is closest to the milky way ?
what are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv muppets show ?
what is the real name of disc jockey << wolfman jack << ?
where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
what is the << coppertop << battery ?
where is bile produced ?
what is shalom ?
who is the leader of india ?
what president became chief justice after his presidency ?
what is the goat population of the world ?
when was the telephone invented ?
who was the 23rd president of the united states ?
what does the word camaro mean , from the gm car the camaro ?
what were christopher columbus < three ships ?
what are the names of the tourist attractions in reims ?
what novel did ian fleming introduce james bond in ?
who is vlad the impaler ?
where is the location of the orange bowl ?
what river flows between fargo , north dakota and moorhead , minnesota ?
what is a peninsula in the philippines ?
where is logan international located ?
what are some important events of the 1830s ?
what city <s airport is named logan international ?
name the organization that is presided by a security council .
how do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
what is the temperature for baking peachy oat muffins ?
what << magic << does mandrake employ ?
what <s approaching when a cyclist shouts : << oil << ?
which country did hitler rule ?
what is the birthstone of october ?
who claimed he killed 4,280 buffalo as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ?
what is the population of kansas ?
who earns their money the hard way ?
where is south bend ?
where is mozambique located ?
what u.s. state <s biggest lake is lake sam rayburn ?
where did the u.s. civil war begin ?
what does the acronym cpr mean ?
what are hiccups caused by ?
how fast do cheetahs run ?
what is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
what is the weakest bone in the body ?
who killed martin luther king ?
what articles of clothing are tokens in monopoly ?
what is angiotensin ?
how does rabies spread ?
who said : << old soldiers never die ; they just fade away << ?
what african country is governed from ouagadougou ?
how hot is the core of the earth ?
what <s the second-biggest-selling magazine in america ?
what country in latin america is the largest one ?
what jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 mideast war ?
when a game of baseball is forfeited , what is the score ?
what costume designer decided that michael jackson should only wear one glove ?
what <s the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta ?
what is the date of mexico <s independence ?
who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ?
name the various costumed personas of dr. henry pym .
what word occurs 46,227 times in the bible ?
how tall is mike tyson ?
what j.r.r. tolkien book features gimli as a central character ?
who is the leading competitor of trans union company ?
how many people was randy craft convicted of murdering ?
what do the french call la manche ?
what is a dangling participle ?
who is actress goldie hawn <s current actor boyfriend ?
what is leukemia ?
what company <s logo is a << w << in a circle ?
what continent <s name appears on the upper left corner of a budweiser label ?
what do manatees eat ?
what <s the official language of algeria ?
how do you pronounce << tzimisce << ?
name a novel written by john steinbeck
how far from the earth is the sun ?
what is a carcinogen ?
who was camp david named for ?
what kind of hat does bat masterson wear ?
where did the myth of santa claus originate ?
what is australia <s oldest city ?
how many inches over six feet is the venus de milo ?
who first broke the sound barrier ?
what did the yalta conference lead to ?
where did dylan thomas die ?
what dog was dubbed the mortgage lifter ?
what was the average life expectancy during the stone age ?
what do ladybugs eat ?
in what part of africa is mozambique located ?
who created the character james bond ?
who was the president of vichy france ?
who wrote sons and lovers ?
what then-derogatory term was applied to the painters monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ?
what was dale evans < horse <s name ?
what governments still officially recognize and support international labor day ?
which past and present nfl players have the last name of johnson ?
what <s the second-largest island in the world ?
who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
what was the name of that popular song the creeps sang ?
what does the number 33 on the rolling rock beer bottle mean ?
who is aaron copland ?
what is ronald reagan <s favorite candy ?
who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
who played the teacher in dead poet <s society ?
what plant has the largest seed ?
what is the scientific name for the zinnia plant ?
what country is know as the << land of the rising sun << ?
what does a spermologer collect ?
where on the internet can i find a song lyrics database similar to the international lyrics server ?
where did the ukulele originate ?
who was president in 1913 ?
what does a defibrillator do ?
who wrote the look of love after viewing ursula andress ?
what does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
what is phosphorus ?
what is the gdp of china ?
who invented the road traffic cone ?
what year did apartheid start ?
what color were their horses ?
what movie told of anna anderson <s claim to be a russian czar <s daughter ?
name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
what is the fastest car in the world ?
how much of the ozone layer is depleted ?
what year did the titanic sink ?
how many casinos are in atlantic city , nj ?
where can i find out the top 1 singles ?
what asian city boasts the world <s biggest bowling alley ?
how tall is the gateway arch in st. louis , mo ?
which president was unmarried ?
how can i find out what year a beanie baby was introduced ?
when did elvis presley die ?
what film marked robert redford <s directorial debut ?
what are the world <s three largest oceans , in order of size ?
what is the capital city of algeria ?
what is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
who was the first prime minister of canada ?
when is the tulip festival in michigan ?
who was galileo ?
whom did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
what <s the name of the tiger that advertises for frosted flakes cereal ?
what are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
how do i install a tile floor ?
what is the abbreviation for texas ?
in what medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
what south american city features the exclusive copacabana beach and ipanema ?
in what year did they build the berlin wall ?
what green bay packers coach philosophized : << there <s nothing that stokes the fire like hate << ?
what store does martha stewart advertise for ?
what is the history of skateboarding ?
in waugh <s << a handful of dust << , what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
where do the blackhawks maintain their operations ?
what kind of animals were in the paleozoic era ?
what <s the farthest planet from the sun ?
when was adolf hitler born ?
what award is the << oscar << of advertising ?
what is the heaviest naturally occurring element ?
what is plastic made of ?
what is the elevation of st. louis , mo ?
what season begins with the vernal equinox ?
what function does a community <s water tower serve ?
what <s the term for any four-sided figure ?
the sun is mostly made up of what two gasses ?
when was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
who invented the toothbrush ?
what type of horses appear on the budweiser commercials ?
what is the origin of the ethnic category << caucasian << ?
what year did general montgomery lead the allies to a victory over the axis troops in north africa ?
who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
who is the only prime minister of canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
what state has the most indians ?
what country contains africa <s northernmost point ?
what american revolutionary general turned over west point to the british ?
when was ulysses s. grant born ?
where do chihuahuas come from ?
in what city or state do the most gay men live in ?
what is the trademark of a washington redskin<s fan ?
what is the connection between new krypton and daxam ?
colin powell is famous for what ?
who is the president of bolivia ?
how would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
what burns poem does << the best laid plans of mice and men << come from ?
who was the original humpty dumpty ?
what president was assassinated by charles j. guiteau ?
what actor said in a day at the races : << either he <s dead or my watch has stopped << ?
what are the people who make fireworks called ?
what letter appears on the cold-water tap in spain ?
what south american city has the world <s highest commercial landing field ?
where is mae west buried ?
how old is the universe ?
musician ray charles plays what instrument ?
what president dispatched a cruiser to carry charles lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
how far is it from denver to aspen ?
what caribbean island is sometimes called little england ?
who <s the lead singer of the led zeppelin band ?
what causes someone to be ticklish ?
why do we have to go to school ?
by what nickname was musician ernesto antonio puente , jr. best known ?
what department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
when did the battle of iwo jima take place ?
what is the population of australia ?
name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as << jellies << .
what are the living conditions in cuba ?
what river does the grand coulee dam dam ?
how fast can a nuclear submarine travel ?
what is the longest word in the english language ?
what actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of life ?
who do herb and tootsie live next door to ?
who is the current un secretary general ?
what does the abbreviation sos mean ?
who received the will rogers award in 1989 ?
how much does the president get paid ?
who portrayed etta place , companion to butch cassidey and the sundance kid ?
where is microsoft <s corporate headquarters located ?
what is thalassemia ?
what indian tribe is f troop perpetually doing battle with ?
procter & gamble is headquartered in which u.s. city ?
what <s a << drinker respirator << better known as ?
what is the wingspan of a condor ?
what do i call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
what nationality is pope john paul ii ?
how long was the longest hiccup attack ?
where is the rose bowl played ?
where can one find mozambique ?
what was the date of iraq <s invasion of kuwait ?
who did richard nixon tender his resignation to ?
how many engines does a boeing 737 have ?
what does ms. , miss , and mrs. stand for ?
what was the name of roy rogers <s dog ?
where does ray bradbury <s chronicles take place ?
how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
how many species of sharks are there ?
what state in the u.s. has the most blacks ?
what is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
what is being done about the millennium bug ?
how many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
what state is niagra falls located in ?
name four famous cartoon cats .
what is acetic acid ?
who was the first man to fly across the pacific ocean ?
what are the first ten amendements passed ?
what are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
where is milan ?
who said : << the victor will never be asked if he told the truth << ?
what historical event happened in dogtown in 1899 ?
what country did the nile river originate in ?
what river is pocahontas buried along ?
what year was the light bulb invented ?
what is martin luther king jr. <s real birthday ?
why do horseshoes bring luck ?
what is a jellicle cat ?
mercury , what year was it discovered ?
what is the illinois state flower ?
what is supernova ?
which of these are authors ?
what soviet leader owned a rolls-royce ?
when was << cold mountain << written ?
winnie the pooh is an imitation of which animal ?
in what spacecraft did u.s. astronaut alan shepard make his historic 1961 flight ?
who is the prime minister of canada ?
what did sherlock holmes call the street gang that helped him crack cases ?
what <s an auberge in france ?
what was the name of the television show , staring karl malden , that had san francisco in the title ?
when did spain and korea start ambassadorial relations ?
what kind of puzzle first appeared in the u.s. in the new york world on december 21 , 1913 ?
what kind of sports team is the buffalo sabres ?
what roller coaster is the fastest in the world ?
what three european countries begin with the letter a ?
where is dartmouth college ?
what comedienne upstaged dwight d. eisenhower <s first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
how many films did ingmar bergman make ?
what is the rainiest place on earth ?
what is the capital of mongolia ?
what is the largest city on the great lakes ?
who killed john f. kennedy ?
what are the largest libraries in the us ?
who wrote the night of the iguana ?
what is worth seeing in reims ?
what does lol mean ?
what is tyvek ?
how fast is light ?
what country <s people are the top television watchers ?
how successful is arometherapy ?
who was gerald ford <s vice president ?
what is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
what is a baby lion called ?
where did he get the title ?
name the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines .
who was the 22nd president of the us ?
what business was the source of john d. rockefeller <s fortune ?
name the vessel used by the atari force in the dc comics .
how do you clean up a cache ?
what is nuclear power ?
how many questions are on this thing ?
who is allen iverson ?
what lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in u.s. history for sheika dena al-farri ?
what <s the most popular contact lens color ?
what city was john f. kennedy nominated for president in ?
why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
when did amtrak begin operations ?
what james michener book is subtitled spanish travels and reflections ?
what is dr. ruth <s last name ?
what are solar cells ?
which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
what tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
what is a bourdon tube ?
how long does a human live ?
how many colored squares are there on a rubik <s cube ?
what is shakespeare <s nickname ?
what japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of tokyo ?
what is << snoogans << ?
who invented baseball ?
what does nasdaq stand for ?
what <s nature <s purpose for tornadoes ?
in which state are the mark twain national forests ?
what sea separates naples and algiers ?
who is coronado ?
what is the population in india ?
what <s the mystery of the bermuda triangle ?
where does the u.s. get most of its energy ?
what asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
when is father <s day ?
cnn is an acronym for what ?
what is the appropriate gift for a 10th anniversary ?
what sea surrounds the cayman islands ?
where is the kalahari desert ?
who sells viagra ?
where is ocho rios ?
what year did marco polo travel to asia ?
what is the student population at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
who was the first u.s. president ever to resign ?
what is a firewall ?
where is windsor castle ?
what <s the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
what was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
which doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
what was american folk hero john chapman <s nickname ?
what causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
what do the initials cpr stand for ?
when is mexico <s independence ?
what type of currency is used in australia ?
what nationality was jackson pollock ?
where does the u.s. rank among world countries in area ?
what did walter huston remove to perform in the movie the treasure of the sierra madre ?
who founded taoism ?
what color are the castellated walls of the kremlin ?
what sport do you shag flies in ?
what cocktail inspired john doxat to write the book stirred - not shaken ?
who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the federal republic of germany ?
what makes a clitoris sensitive ?
what is anise ?
what is saltpeter ?
where did indian pudding come from ?
what are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
what are platelets ?
what does usps stand for ?
how many ounces are in a gallon ?
when was the u.s. capitol built ?
what are chloroplasts ?
what is the medical condition of hypertension ?
what is the sales tax in minnesota ?
what are maid-rites ?
where is america <s stonehenge ?
what is typhoid fever ?
who discovered x-rays ?
who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?
what are the most common breeding birds in the u.s. ?
what year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
what is the plural of gulf ?
how many james bond novels are there ?
what is the size of the largest akita ?
what province in canada is niagara falls located in ?
when is hurricane season in the caribbean ?
what isps exist in the caribbean ?
what american general is buried in salzburg ?
how do i start a web based business ?
what famous events have happened on march 27 ?
what was the name of the computer in << 2001 : a space odyssey << ?
what is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
what island has a park called the battery at it <s southern tip ?
who invented the fishing reel ?
what is a language spoken by the sioux ?
how many horses died during the civil war ?
where did kublai khan live ?
where was the ligurian republic , 1797 - 185 , ?
what are the snakes of new england ?
what does cpr stand for ?
where was the first restaurant ?
what is autism ?
what was fdr <s dog <s name ?
why is poop sometimes different colors ?
what body of water does the danube river flow into ?
who is the owner of the st. petersburg times ?
who started the protestant reformation ?
where can i find information on george bush ?
what animals do you find in the stock market ?
what is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
what is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
who is the richest person in the world ?
what <s the slowest olympic swimming stroke ?
whose funeral train traveled from washington d.c. to springfield , illinois ?
when did international volunteers day begin ?
who sings the themes for << dawson <s creek << and << felicity << ?
what state in the united states covers the largest area ?
what color is the stripe along each side of a coho salmon ?
what was cash-conscious colonel edwin l. drake the first to drill ?
what <s the name of pittsburgh <s baseball team ?
what country did king gustav v reign over from 197 to 195 ?
how many people lived in nebraska in the mid 1980s ?
what continent is scotland in ?
what is the earth <s diameter ?
what is graduate school ?
how many people died when the estonia sank in 1994 ?
who lives at 24 sussex drive , ottawa ?
what is the name of the lion king <s son in the movie , << the lion king << ?
what was the alternate to vhs ?
how fast is a 45mhz processor ?
who won the nobel peace prize in 1991 ?
what are manifest and latent function theories ?
what is anorexia nervosa ?
what is the alphabet for latin ?
how much fiber should you have per day ?
what are the four elements ?
what does palindromic mean ?
who wrote the song , << stardust << ?
mexican pesos are worth what in u.s. dollars ?
what are the powers and weaknesses of green lantern <s ring ?
what developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of u.s. chief justice john marshall ?
how do i impress a guy ?
what is the name of the woman who was with john belushi when he died ?
what product did robert conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
where does dew come from ?
when was martin luther king jr. born ?
in what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
where can i buy a hat like the kind jay kay from jamiroquai wears ?
what date was dwight d. eisenhower born ?
who are the challengers of the unknown ?
who was the first woman to run for president ?
why is the sun yellow ?
who won the first general election for president held in malawi in may 1994 ?
where can i find information on the cyclone that hit new jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
whose autobiography is titled yes i can ?
what are the distinct physical characterstics of the arabian horse ?
what country is pretoria in ?
where can i find the best free evidence for debate about russia ?
who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
how is << original equipment manufacturer << abbreviated ?
what does cpr stand for ?
who has the most no hitters in major league baseball ?
where is tornado alley ?
what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations grunts , shouts , etc. ?
what are the alveoli ?
what river is called << china <s sorrow << ?
how much of the earth <s surface is permanently frozen ?
what are xerophytes ?
what does inuit and eskimo mean ?
what is the motto for california ?
which city in canada is the least-populated ?
who is the best known villain of the 165 gunpowder plot ?
who was the architect of central park ?
how did serfdom develop in and then leave russia ?
what organization <s offices were broken into at watergate in 1972 ?
tell me what city the kentucky horse park is near ?
what kind of wine is spumante ?
what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ?
how long is human gestation ?
what film canine is buried in pere-lachaise cemetery in paris ?
what is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
what is a virtual ip address ?
what is an ulcer ?
what was the first satellite to go into space ?
when did the berlin wall go up ?
how many calories are there in a big mac ?
where is prince edward island ?
what is the speed hummingbirds fly ?
how large is missouri <s population ?
what is answers.com <s address ?
what did n<t rocky marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
what are the names of all the u.s. navy aircraft carriers ?
how much will the california be in the year 2000 ?
what <s the nickname of oddsmaker jimmy snyder ?
what is the viking prince <s first name ?
what caused the lynmouth floods ?
what are cushman and wakefield known for ?
how many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
how do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
what instrument is ray charles best known for playing ?
what does cpr stand for ?
who is the richest woman in the world ?
what country boasts the most dams ?
name the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
how many pounds in a ton ?
what are perfect tenses ?
what is the world <s tallest office building ?
which political party is lionel jospin a member of ?
what are the poconos ?
what ocean does mauritania border ?
who found hawaii ?
what is australia <s national flower ?
what city is also known as << the gateway to the west << ?
what kind of tree graces lebanon <s flag ?
how is energy created ?
who is the congressman from state of texas on the armed forces committee ?
what broadway musical was inspired by cervantes <s don quixote ?
how tall is the matterhorn ?
how many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
how many people died on d-day ?
what baseball star turned down a $ 1,000 a-year contract because he felt he had n<t earned it ?
what is the capital of italy ?
what is the longest-running television series ?
what is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
what u.s. president had brothers-in-law in the confederate army ?
what civil war general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through georgia on his way to the sea ?
what is the smallest bird in britain ?
what is solar wind ?
why were the american soldiers in wwi called << doughboys <<
how many quarters equal a pound ?
what 1963 joseph l. mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
which two inventors invented post-its ?
give a reason for american indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
name one of the major gods of hinduism ?
how did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
what kind of books does fodor <s publish ?
what cbs soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of john f. kennedy <s assassination ?
what beer advertised that it had << three rings << ?
who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson ?
what 19th-century writer had a country estate on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
where is the valley of the kings ?
how many liters are in a gallon ?
how do i find the balance of my social security account ?
define thalassemia .
what is the boston strangler <s name ?
what is << the washed vodka << ?
what was the name of the high school in << grease << ?
what is the full name of conductor seiji ?
how is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
what is the oldest sports trophy ?
what are the most common elements in seawater ?
what company was the original sponsor of tv <s superman ?
what letter is to the right of k on a typewriter keyboard ?
how do you say << french fries << in french ?
what is caffeine ?
where is the sea of tranquility ?
how do i increase my biceps < size ?
what was the name of sherlock holmes < brother ?
how much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
what does dea stand for ?
when did the neanderthal man live ?
which nba players had jersey number 0 ?
what do christian scientists believe in ?
what was the name of the first enclosed baseball park ?
on average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
what is the location of rider college ?
what is the origin of the midwest slang , << you <re darn tootin << ?
how cold should a refrigerator be ?
who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
what is the deepest area of the arctic ocean ?
what is the meaning of thalassemia ?
whose cupboard was bare ?
what fastener did whitcomb judson patent in 1893 ?
what would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
what format was the major competition of vhs ?
when did the shootings at columbine happen ?
what are the two largest birds on earth ?
how much snow equals an inch of rain ?
when did the royal wedding of prince andrew and fergie take place ?
who is the creator of << the muppets << ?
what does the statue of liberty wear on her feet ?
where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
what city is 94.5 kdge radio located in ?
who founded american red cross ?
what is a gas release event ?
where can one find rider college ?
who is the only president to serve 2 non-consecutive terms ?
what company tabulates the ballots in voting for the academy awards ?
name a canine cartoon character other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler .
what is columbia tristar <s phone number ?
what branch of the military has its academy in annapolis ?
what generation am i in ?
what fowl grabs the spotlight after the chinese year of the monkey ?
what title did suzette charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
what song served as the closing theme of the johnny cash show ?
what could i see in reims ?
what organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a << slane << to cut ?
how old do you have to be to get married in south carolina ?
why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
what is the nickname for the state of mississippi ?
who was lacan ?
what is colin powell best known for ?
what does gringo mean ?
what department is responsible for regulating casino gambling in mississippi ?
what are amicable numbers ?
what level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
the kentucky horse park is close to which american city ?
what are spider veins ?
what <s the meaning of uol ?
what is the population of ulan bator , capital of mongolia ?
which oil company almost picked a word that meant << stalled car << in japanese as its new international name ?
what is the origin of head lice ?
where can i find a person <s address from a telephone number ?
what happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
when is st. patrick <s day ?
how much of an apple is water ?
where do hyenas live ?
what happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
what u.s. state has the second-longest coastline ?
what actor learned to play the saxophone and speak russian for a role in a movie ?
what american league baseball team <s worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
what is the highest roman numeral ?
who is langston hughes ?
when was water found on mars ?
when did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
what is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
what is the national anthem in england ?
what army <s motto is blood and fire ?
what happened during the blackhawk indian war of 1832 ?
what is bangers and mash ?
who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
what city is ole mississippi university in ?
how many acres in a mile ?
when did mike tyson bite holyfield <s ear ?
what honeymooners actress did television magazine name as 1953 <s most promising star ?
who was one of the egyptian gods ?
what was the name of betty boop <s dog ?
which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
what are the characters < names in the scooby-doo cartoon ?
who headed hitler <s infamous gestapo ?
how many home runs did babe ruth hit in his lifetime ?
why are lions called << king of the jungle << ?
what is the capital of kosovo ?
what breed of hunting dog did the beverly hillbillies own ?
what animals acted as lapwarmers for american colonists in church ?
what sports event is meyer wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in the great gatsby ?
what bowl game began as an east-west contest between michigan and stanford in 192 ?
what is the deepest lake in the us ?
what french seaport claims to be the home of wines ?
what are the headpieces called that the saudi arabians wear ?
who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
what city does the tour de france end in ?
when were the los angeles riots ?
what kentucky city calls itself the horse center of america ?
which high schools are included in the south florida ice hockey league ?
what attracts tourists to reims ?
what <s the formal name for lou gehrig <s disease ?
what is the literacy rate in cuba ?
why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
to get the most caffeine , what soda should i drink ?
when was the nfl established ?
who was the lead actress in the movie << sleepless in seattle << ?
what are the most common elements in the earth <s crust ?
what kind of patent did ermal fraze get in 1963 ?
what is a panic disorder ?
what is the highest peak in africa ?
how many types of lemurs are there ?
how many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
what is nero wolfe <s favorite drink during office hours ?
what are britain <s two longest rivers ?
what bird can swim but can <t fly ?
who was the first black golfer to tee off in the masters ?
what <s the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
how can i find out my moon sign ?
how tall is the sears building ?
what continent is egypt on ?
how do you find oxidation numbers ?
how many people die from snakebite poisoning in the u.s. per year ?
what are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
what group kidnaped patricia hearst ?
winnie the pooh is what kind of animal ?
what band was jerry garcia with ?
what is the largest city in the world ?
what drug did sigmund freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
what year was desmond mpilo tutu awarded the nobel peace prize ?
when was the movie , caligula , made ?
what book is the follow-up to future shock ?
what is the population of the bahamas ?
what is the longest major league baseball winning streak ?
what is a fear of disease ?
what countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
what is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
what are the first names of rowan and martin , the stars of tv <s laugh-in ?
how many miles is it from london , england to plymouth , england ?
what does the name shawn mean ?
how hot is the sun ?
what is the approximate population of las vegas , n.m ?
which operating system runs on ibm-compatible machines ?
what nevada center has been dubbed the biggest little city in the world ?
which company created the internet browser mosaic ?
why was the zipper invented ?
what was the name of aristotle onassis <s yacht ?
what is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
what is the tallest mountain ?
name the on stage character whose face was never seen .
who was the inventor of the stove ?
what u.s. state ends with a g ?
what year was robert frost born ?
what english queen had seventeen children ?
where did the inuits live ?
what year did the first american lighthouse open ?
what does the technique called << cold fusion << produce ?
what is bandwidth ?
what does the name << anthony << mean ?
how many revolutions does a standard lp make in three minutes ?
what country has been called the queen of the antilles ?
when was the battle of chancellorsville fought ?
what american composer wrote the music for << west side story << ?
when did princess diana and prince charles get married ?
why do people get calluses ?
what is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?
what is the capital of sri lanka ?
who was abraham lincoln ?
what do caroll baker , tammy grimes , debbie reynolds , and judy garland all have in common ?
what sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
what sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
when was lyndon b. johnson born ?
what were the three prophecies the witches make to macbeth ?
what is another astronomic term for the northern lights ?
what was archy , and mehitabel ?
how did the tradition of best man start ?
what is the english translation for the word << caliente << ?
how many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
when will the millennium officially begin ?
what is betsy ross famous for ?
what was the nickname of frederick i , holy roman emperor and king of germany ?
what famous model was married to billy joel ?
what are the birth dates for scorpios ?
what is magnetar ?
what number did michael jordan wear ?
when was the first patent filed on the ice cream cone ?
how do you match a name to a social security number ?
what is valentine <s day ?
what nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
what is a reliable site that i can download heretic 2 ?
what <s an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
who is the current prime minister and president of russia ?
what is the population of venezuela ?
what is deadrise , nautical , ?
what determines the value of the pearl ?
where did howard hughes die ?
what is the oldest city in the united states ?
what civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
how long does it take sunlight to reach earth ?
what is mississippi <s state animal ?
what city is the liberty bell currently located in ?
what causes << rolling thunder << ?
what does the word fortnight mean ?
what <s another word that means << knows all << ?
what shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
what flower did vincent van gogh paint ?
how deep is crater lake ?
what state does mo stand for ?
what did charles babbage invent ?
how does psorisis disappear ?
what is the average body temperature ?
what does final four refer to in the sports world ?
what does ciao mean ?
where could i go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
what strait separates north america from asia ?
who is the father of the computer ?
what is the active ingredient in tylenol ?
what <s the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
who was randy steven craft <s lawyer ?
where do rocks come from ?
what is an atom ?
what is the population of nigeria ?
how long does it take light to reach the earth from the sun ?
who won world war ii ?
what two baseball players make up the battery ?
what king signed the magna carta ?
how many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
what u.s. city is the queen of the pacific ?
name a film in which jude law acted .
what is the capital of persia ?
what grapes are used in making wine ?
what is latin for incompetent ?
jude law was in what movie ?
where did dr. king give his speech in washington ?
what is the name given to a collection of poetry ?
what girl <s name is << teddy << an affectionate form of ?
how many states have a << lemon law << for new automobiles ?
how many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game << around the world << ?
how tall is the cnn tower in toronto ?
what year did << snow white << come out ?
how big is mars ?
what is fibromyalgia ?
who starred in << the poseidon adventure << ?
what is the english meaning of caliente ?
how many people live in chile ?
who is the governor of colorado ?
how can i find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
what does storm wave mean in japanese ?
what is the speed of light ?
what culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
which u.s. president is buried in washington , d.c. ?
what is the location of mccarren airport ?
where is ayer <s rock ?
what year was president kennedy killed ?
when was prince charles born ?
where can i find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
how many electoral college votes in tennessee ?
what is the smallest country in africa ?
how do you measure earthquakes ?
where was george washington born ?
what <s the only color johnny cash wears on stage ?
what <s the second-most-used vowel in english ?
what molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
what kind of organization is << last chance for animals << ?
logan international serves what city ?
what is an annuity ?
what radio station did paul harvey work for ?
what province is calgary located in ?
what is sonar ?
who is the << queen mother << ?
what is the zip code for fremont , ca ?
the numbering system we use today was introduced to the western world by what culture ?
what is artificial intelligence ?
how long does it take the typical american to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
ray charles plays which instrument ?
what <s the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
what are the valdez principles ?
which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
what tourist attractions are there in reims ?
how many years is johnnie walker black label aged ?
what is australia day ?
when was apollo 11 launched ?
what was the name of the movie that starred sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger ?
what year did degas create the bronze sculpture , << fourth position front ? <<
what monarch signed the magna carta ?
what are hook worms ?
what u.s. state records the least rainfall ?
when did cnn begin broadcasting ?
what jockey won 17 triple crown races ?
what is the name of the leader of ireland ?
what color are tennis balls ?
who is peter weir ?
what is the spirometer test ?
name a salt lake city newspaper .
what is a handheld pc ?
what war is connected with the book << charge of the light brigade << ?
what is a thyroid ?
when did cnn go on the air ?
why were people recruited for the vietnam war ?
what is the name of the jewish alphabet ?
how is the element strontium purified ?
how many mines can still be found in the falklands after the war ended ?
how long would it take to get from earth to mars ?
what was introduced commercially by bayer a.g. of leverkusen , in 1899 ?
what is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the house of representatives ?
where on the body would you find the jowls ?
what country did king wenceslas rule ?
what little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
how many time zones are there in the world ?
how many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
what continent is bolivia on ?
what is the origin of the word , magic ?
what animal occurs in spielberg <s << jaws << ?
ray charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
what species is a colt ?
when was hiroshima bombed ?
what is the meaning of caliente in english ?
what is canada <s most populous city ?
what board game does a << wood-pusher << play poorly ?
what is celebrated during the week of february 21-27 ?
what are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
what war did florence nightingale tend the troops in ?
what are the seven seas ?
what is website of the international court of justice ?
how many official languages does switzerland have ?
who is nicolo paganini ?
what is dew point ?
how did jayne mansfield die ?
who was the first person to reach the north pole ?
what was a california prayer book to an old west gambler ?
what plant is rum made from ?
how many chromosomes does a human zygote have ?
what arch can you see from the place de la concorde ?
what <s the second-lightest element ?
what causes panic attacks ?
where did yoga originate ?
what book did rachel carson write in 1962 ?
what is a fear of parasites ?
when did the black panther party start in california ?
name an american war plane ?
what movie tour of the roman empire features the admonition : << row well and live << ?
when did the chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
what is a fear of slime ?
who created dennis the menace ?
who penned : << neither a borrower nor a lender be << ?
what line of candy products included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
what precious stone is a form of pure carbon ?
what is the definition of cosmology ?
how big is the sun ?
what <s the international lawn tennis challenge trophy usually called ?
when was the rosenberg trial ?
how hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
what is the name of the american literary era that includes 1896 ?
what color is indigo ?
what was the first funk <n lata , brazilian group , success ?
what are the largest breweries in the world ?
what is the protagonist <s name in dostoevski <s << the idiot << ?
what is wimbledon ?
which large u.s. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
what was einstein <s iq ?
what year did california become a territory ?
who is known as << the world <s oldest teenager << ?
what boris pasternak book sold 5,0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
what does cc in engines mean ?
cnn <s first broadcast occurred on what date ?
what year was the first macy <s thanksgiving day parade held ?
what was the name of fdr <s dog ?
when was the reichstag burned down ?
where is hitler buried ?
when did rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
what can one see in reims ?
where is the kentucky horse park ?
what is the 401 , k , plan ?
what island did the u.s. gain after the spanish american war ?
who was the star of leave it to beaver ?
where is santa lucia ?
what weapon is the mythological character apollo most proficient with
what is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
what color flies closest to the staff on belgium <s flag ?
who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic strips ?
how often does old faithful erupt at yellowstone national park ?
how many different languages are spoken in europe ?
what horse did zorro ride ?
what happened in the long march ?
what is ursa major ?
what is the secret of the universe ?
what is the highest mountain in the world ?
what was denzel washington <s first television series ?
when was the triangle shirtwaist fire ?
where are there aborigines ?
what was paul bunyan <s ox <s name ?
how can i find a list of celebrities < real names ?
where can i learn about samuel gompers ?
what county is chicago in ?
what river runs through rowe , italy ?
why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
what book does holden caulfield appear in ?
who was the first person inducted into the u.s. swimming hall of fame ?
what <s the longest river in the world ?
when did the golden gate bridge get finished ?
what is an annotated bibliography ?
what did john hinckley do to impress jodie foster ?
what does caliente mean in english ?
what mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
how is the election of a new pope announced to the world ?
what took first prize in omni magazine <s contest to find the << ultimate unanswerable question << ?
what <s the sacred river of india ?
what president-to-be was the first member of congress to enlist following the attack on pearl harbor ?
what is the average life span for a chicken ?
how many hostages were killed in the entebbe raid ?
what are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
how many species of the great white shark are there ?
what famous singing cowboy owns the california angels baseball team ?
who stabbed monica seles ?
what is the abbreviated expression for the national bureau of investigation ?
what << melts in your mouth , not in your hands << .
what was poe <s birthplace ?
how does a scientific calculator work ?
what fruit <s stone does laetrile come from ?
how do i make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
what is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
how high is the pitcher <s mound ?
what is the immaculate conception ?
in what film did steven spielberg <s dog star as the main character <s dog ?
what are the world <s four oceans ?
what is the name of miss india 1994 ?
what animals did the amazing three masquerade as ?
how did cleopatra die ?
who kept the most famous diary in the english language ?
who lived in the neuschwanstein castle ?
when was the first liver transplant ?
what is the most populous city in the united states ?
what is a fear of hell ?
what was the monster in spielberg <s film << jaws << ?
what is california <s state tree ?
what is larry king <s job ?
what product does << mrs. olsen << promote ?
where was abraham lincoln born ?
what type of betting is used in horse racing ?
what are tonsils for ?
what facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
how do you say << grandma << in irish ?
what is a fear of being alone ?
what are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
how many milligrams are in a gram ?
what are christopher marlowe <s and shakespeare <s literary contributions to english literature ?
what was the outcome of the 1945 yalta conference ?
what is tina turner <s real name ?
in the late 1700<s british convicts were used to populate which colony ?
when did robert e. lee surrender in the civil war ?
what tools do you use to crewel ?
when was julius caesar born ?
how big is australia ?
what is done with worn or outdated flags ?
what was william shakespeare <s occupation before he began to write plays ?
what city did the flintstones live in ?
what membrane controls the amount of light entering the eye ?
what capital city do you see from the top of bunker hill ?
how do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
when was the vietnam veterans memorial in washington , d.c. built ?
what is the longest river in the united states ?
what primary colors do you mix to make orange ?
jackson pollock was a native of what country ?
what does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
what did brontosauruses eat ?
what judith rossner novel was made into a film starring diane keaton ?
what was the date of cnn <s first broadcast ?
what currency do they use in brazil ?
what female leader succeeded ferdinand marcos as president of the philippines ?
what u.s. state borders illinois to the north ?
what happened to moon maiden ?
what was w.c. fields < real name ?
when did geraldine ferraro run for vice president ?
what is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of california ?
how many years did it take james joyce to write ulysses ?
what is the date of boxing day ?
what is the lifespan of a house fly ?
what is a fear of sleep ?
what is the state song of kansas ?
who were the << filthiest people alive ? <<
how many different types of skunks are there ?
when was davy crockett born ?
what is the origin of the word << mind << ?
what president lived at 219 north delaware street , independence , missouri ?
how many sonnets did shakespeare write ?
where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
what war did the potsdam conference follow ?
how long does it take to travel from tokyo to niigata ?
how many u.s. presidents were assassinated during queen victoria <s reign ?
where is your corpus callosum ?
what organization has a security council ?
what breed of dog was the << little rascals << dog ?
what <s the first day of the week ?
where is the highest point on earth ?
who sought to create the great society ?
how does an ion drive work ?
what city is the home to the rock and roll hall of fame ?
what does las vegas mean ?
how far away is the moon ?
what is an example of an actual case of using the fourteenth amendment ?
what was the beatles < first number one hit ?
what four u.s. states have active volcanoes ?
what day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
what do you call a poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
who won the rugby world cup in 1987 ?
how big is a quart ?
who is the author of the poem << the midnight ride of paul revere << ?
how much are tickets to disney world ?
what is rheumatoid arthritis ?
what does inri stand for when used on jesus < cross ?
who was darius ?
who said , << i shall return . << during world war two ?
what household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
what year did the united states pass the copyright law ?
what country is the world <s largest importer of cognac ?
who is the voice of miss piggy ?
what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones <s from here to eternity ?
who runs andy capp <s favorite pub ?
who is the fastest guitarist ?
what color is a giraffe <s tongue ?
why is jane goodall famous ?
how can you be happy ?
when did hawaii become a state ?
how can i find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
what card company sells christmas ornaments ?
what capital is on the susquehanna river ?
who were the architects who designed the empire state building ?
how many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the empire state building ?
what is bio-diversity ?
what is greek pita ?
what ice creams contain seaweed ?
what are the names of richard nixon <s two daughters ?
what is a courier ?
what was the verdict in the trial of lizzie borden ?
when did muhammad live ?
how do you look up criminal records on the internet ?
what is karl malone <s nickname ?
whose image is alleged to be on the shroud of turin ?
what are fingernails made of ?
what animals can live the longest without food ?
how did shipyard inspector james j. kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
what are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
who was monet ?
the italian artist , maurizio pellegrin , is how old ?
who founded rhode island ?
why do magnets attract ?
what album put the beatles on the cover of time in 1967 ?
what is the rarest coin ?
what is the distance in miles from the earth to the sun ?
what is the nature of learning ?
what <s the name of the song will smith sings about parents ?
who was woodrow wilson <s first lady ?
what year was the first automobile manufactured ?
who was garrett morgan married to ?
when was the women <s suffrage amendment ratified ?
what does the georgetown << hoya << mean ?
what war saw battles at parrot <s beak and black virgin ?
what brand number graces the black label of a bottle of jack daniel <s ?
what is the meaning of jesus ?
what poet wrote : << ... i have promises to keep , and miles to go before i sleep << ?
how many admirals are there in the u.s. navy ?
where is tufts university ?
what is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
what is the ranger <s name in yogi bear cartoons ?
who said << i have not begun to fight ! << ?
what does hazmat stand for ?
what is genocide ?
when did french revolutionaries storm the bastille ?
what type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
what did a 16th-century aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
who did dita beard work for ?
what father and son won the medal of honor ?
on what t.v. show could tom terrific be found ?
how far is london uk from california ?
who was the first host of person to person ?
what was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
what are pathogens ?
what are amphibians ?
what does an echidna look like ?
what is jane goodall known for ?
where did bill gates go to college ?
approximately how many students are enrolled at the university of massachusetts ?
what overalls are named for dungri , a suburb of bombay ?
what is the beginning date for the hershey foods company ?
what county is st. paul , minnesota in ?
what year did mussolini seize power in italy ?
what is ray bradbury <s illustrated man illustrated with ?
who was lauren bacall <s first husband ?
what is the amish religion ?
what did british companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
how much did a quart of milk cost in the 1930<s ?
what is the function of the appendix ?
what was the name of << the muppets << creator ?
how did micky mantle die ?
what is the colorful korean traditional dress called ?
where is the euphrates river ?
when was << the great depression << ?
who <s the only man to have won the olympic decathlon twice ?
what is a fear of thunder ?
what fruit-topped actress was known as the brazilian bombshell ?
what kind of animal is babar ?
what was the first domesticated bird ?
what therapy attempts to elicit the << primal scream << ?
how many stradivarius violins were ever made ?
what was william f. cody <s better-known name ?
what does the name billie mean ?
what classical spanish writer warned : << all that glitters is not gold << ?
who was the first russian astronaut to walk in space ?
what does a dipsomaniac crave ?
what is a biosphere ?
what body of water are the canary islands in ?
what position did willie davis play in baseball ?
what texas city got its name from the spanish for << yellow << ?
what apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while armstrong and aldrin made history ?
who was president of afghanistan in 1994 ?
what is the state nickname of mississippi ?
what state has the least amount of rain per year ?
the sun <s core , what is the temperature ?
what las vegas hotel burned in november , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
what was the proper laugh-in respones to : << say goodnight , dick << ?
how do you say i love you in spanish ?
how many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
what is the play << west side story << based on ?
what year did the u.s. buy alaska ?
name a golf course in myrtle beach .
what is the principle port in ecuador ?
who was the first person to make the helicopter ?
where on the internet can i get information about the fifth amendment on the american bill of rights ?
what country was the setting of you only live twice ?
which comedian <s signature line is << can we talk << ?
developing nations comprise what percentage of the world <s population ?
who invented the game bowling ?
what does << extended definition << mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
what country <s capital is lagos ?
rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
what sound does olympia , washington , overlook ?
what is the difference between a median and a mean ?
what is a stratocaster ?
what is archimedes famous for ?
who shot and killed himself while painting wheatfield with crows ?
what causes gray hair ?
what is the current ticket fare from cairo to barbados ?
what california desert is dubbed high desert ?
what is the all-time stock high of apple computer , and where can i find this information ?
how fast can a corvette go ?
what is the name of the canopy at a jewish wedding ?
what is the definition of the term << weapons system << ?
who defeated the spanish armada ?
what dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
which language has the most words ?
who invented television ?
why do some people have two different color eyes ?
who was thucydides ?
when did the united states enter world war ii ?
which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in europe ?
what does << sitting shiva << mean ?
how rich is bill gates ?
who was darth vader <s son ?
what does knight ridder publish ?
what is influenza ?
what is madonna <s last name ?
how much could you rent a volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
what are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
what tv show chronicled the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ?
what is the active ingredient in baking soda ?
who was the first woman governor of wyoming ?
what was the name of the american ship sunk by a mine in havana harbor , causing the spanish-american war ?
what rum is so << mixable << it is a one-brand bar ?
what is the executor in a will ?
what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
what is britain <s possession on the chinese mainland ?
what <s the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
when was hurricane hugo ?
who followed caesar ?
what time of day did emperor hirohito die ?
what is the collective term for geese ?
how many miles is it to ohio from north carolina ?
what <s the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
where are the headquarters of eli lilly ?
what are the two languages of malta ?
what feud ended with a marriage in kentucky on march 21 , 1891 ?
what makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
who <s the founder and editor of the national review ?
what novel inspired the movie bladerunner ?
what name is given to the science of map-making ?
how many zip codes are there in the u.s. ?
who advised listeners to << see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet << ?
what effect does a prism have on light ?
why is the grass green ?
how many people are there in the world ?
when did aldous huxley write , << brave new world << ?
what are the 10 largest cities in the us ?
what does the quarterly review of doublespeak call an << inoperative statement << ?
how many people did the united nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in somalia in september 1992 ?
what is her husband <s name ?
what is a wart ?
what city <s newspaper is called << the enquirer << ?
what is the name of roy roger <s dog ?
who invented the slinky ?
what peter blatty novel recounts the horrors of regan macneil <s possession by the devil ?
what is pectin ?
what are sunspots ?
how can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
what do the names neil , mary , and anthony mean ?
what is the population of seattle ?
what was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the u.s. since 1865 ?
what state does martha stewart live in ?
what auto race was wilbur reed the first to win three times ?
what does << e pluribus unum << mean ?
what <s the capacity of the superdome ?
in what year did the bounty mutiny happen ?
where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , lane victory , which merchant marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
what was the name of darth vader <s son ?
what card game uses only 48 cards ?
how much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
how did jimi hendrix die ?
what court does bob woodward describe in the brethren ?
what european country boasts the city of furth , found where the rivers rednitz and pegnitz converge ?
what does ribavirin consist of ?
which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
what is the origin of the word assassinate ?
why did david koresh ask the fbi for a word processor ?
when did mount st. helen last have a major eruption ?
what <s the name of a golf course in myrtle beach ?
what is mold ?
what is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
how late is disneyland open ?
how many square feet is bill gates < home ?
what is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
what is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
how much copper is in a penny ?
what is multimedia ?
who established a viking colony in greenland about 985 ?
what types of water pollution are there ?
what is a prism ?
what is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
when was the first wal-mart store opened ?
what <s the setting of john le carre <s a small town in germany ?
what sea did the romans call mare nostrum ?
what desert has been called the garden of allah ?
what is pasta ?
why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
what is the exchange rate between england and the u.s. ?
which city in china has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
what is the meaning of << cpr << ?
how many gallons of water are there in a cubic foot ?
what literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7,0 pounds ?
what was the profession of american patriot paul revere ?
what russian city boasts the hermitage museum ?
what is the milky way ?
what does nasa stand for ?
what vowel do all esperanto nouns end in ?
where is the orange bowl ?
how is silk screening done ?
what is a cartesian diver ?
how late will airlines let you fly in pregnancy ?
what is neurology ?
what are fractals ?
what tv series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
what comic book friend of archie wears a crown-shaped hat ?
rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
what does the peugeot company manufacture ?
what cigarette company urged us , << come to where the flavor is ? <<
where is burma ?
what well-known actor is the father of star alan alda ?
what is the southwestern-most tip of england ?
what nobel laureate was expelled from the philippines before the conference on east timor ?
what is pandoro ?
what type of bridge is the golden gate bridge ?
how did names come about ?
what <s the name of the actress who starred in the movie , << silence of the lambs << ?
who is the detective on << diagnosis murder << ?
how many years ago did led zeppelin release its last album ?
how much does one ton of cement cost ?
what county is phoenix , az in ?
what are the different types of plastic ?
what continent is argentina on ?
what is her profession ?
how many presidents have died on the 4th of july ?
what is the abbreviation for original equipment manufacturer ?
what is the capital of haiti ?
what is the fear of cockroaches called ?
what city is the setting for puccini <s opera la boheme ?
what nationality is sean connery ?
what are bellworts ?
what does a barometer measure ?
what is the collective noun for geese ?
who discovered radium ?
how old is the sun ?
how many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
what was connecticut <s first constitution called ?
what does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
what actress has received the most oscar nominations ?
what brand of white rum is still made in cuba ?
what is the population of the united states ?
who is the actress known for her role in the movie << gypsy << ?
what is the primary language in iceland ?
what is color ?
alkanes is also called what ?
when it <s time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
which country gave new york the statue of liberty ?
where is the smithsonian institute located ?
what was the business of the animated sky hawks ?
what is the oldest college bowl game ?
how fast is the speed of light ?
what mystery writer penned << ...the glory that was greece , and the grandeur that was rome << ?
what polynesian people inhabit new zealand ?
when was the bill of rights ratified ?
how much are the international space stations expected to cost ?
what was the target rate for m3 growth in 1992 ?
what is the history of yo-yos ?
in the miller lite tv commercial , who is the creature ?
where is the thomas edison museum ?
what do you call a newborn kangaroo ?
what author wrote under the pen name << boz << ?
what causes canker sores in the mouth ?
why are electric cars less efficient in the north-east than in california ?
who were the yankee <s frequent enemies ?
what is the history of << the toast << ?
in what year did china and the republic of korea establish diplomatic relations ?
what is the scientific name for elephant ?
where is the bulls basketball team based ?
what toy company is the world <s no.1 maker of female apparel ?
what is leukemia ?
when did they put mir down ?
who portrayed fatman in the television show , << jake and the fatman << ?
what is the name of the volcano that destroyed the ancient city of pompeii ?
what is compounded interest ?
when did hitler come to power in germany ?
how much of u.s. power is from nuclear energy ?
when was the san francisco fire ?
what is << flintknapping << ?
how far away is the moon ?
who was the tallest u.s. president ?
what is the best distance education university or college ?
what are invertebrates ?
to what does microsoft <s windows 3 owe its success ?
which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
who won the battle of gettysburg ?
what meter did shakespeare use in writing : << to be , or not to be , that is the question.. . << ?
what province is edmonton located in ?
how did minnesota get its name ?
what is nicholas cage <s profession ?
what <s the name of the tokyo stock exchange ?
what is prepared mustard ?
what video format was an alternative to vhs ?
which bourbon king was restored to the french throne during napoleon <s abdication ?
how did eva peron die ?
what is richie <s surname on << happy days << ?
when reading classified ads , what does eenty : other stand for ?
how long would it take for a $ 50 savings bond to mature ?
what is the difference between jazz and blues ?
what is susan b. anthony <s birthday ?
when the tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the u.s. , what moving company transported it ?
who betrayed norway to the nazis ?
where is trinidad ?
how do i find a city if i have the area code ?
who is the head of the fbi ?
what was the first town to be chartered in vermont ?
what organization was founded by the rev. jerry falwell ?
what are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
which king signed the magna carta ?
how much salt is in the oceans ?
what university did thomas jefferson found ?
what does nafta stand for ?
where is the holland tunnel ?
which country is australia <s largest export market ?
what does the technical term isdn mean ?
where does most of the marijuana entering the united states come from ?
what is a nanometer ?
what kind of dog was toto in the wizard of oz ?
what was the name of the plane lindbergh flew solo across the atlantic ?
the kentucky horse park is located near what city ?
what is the name of the firm that makes spumante ?
what is a fear of clouds ?
where is the little league museum ?
where can i find all the information i need to know about the english civil war , 1642-1649 , ?
which drug is commonly used to treat aids ?
what did richard feynman say upon hearing he would receive the nobel prize in physics ?
what is candlemas day ?
what penalty space lies between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board ?
what baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
what is the circumorbital hematoma ?
at what age did rossini stop writing opera ?
why are haunted houses popular ?
why do people in the upper peninsula of michagin say << eh ? << ?
name a movie that the actress , sandra bullock , had a role in .
what is elvis presley <s middle name ?
what comic of tv <s golden age went by the motto << anything for a laugh << ?
who was the first triple crown winner ?
how many people live in the falklands ?
what type of food makes you fat ?
what do the french call the english channel ?
what are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
how can i find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
what is the phobia for number 13 ?
what <s the world <s largest cathedral ?
who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego council ?
what is the fourth highest mountain in the world ?
what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
who is anubis ?
what is real time processing ?
what is acupuncture ?
where was the cisalpine republic , 1797-185 , ?
how was the element calcium named ?
how many children does ray davies of the kinks have ?
what mineral helps prevent osteoporosis ?
what was the name of the famous battle in 1836 between texas and mexico ?
what explorer was nicknamed iberia <s pilot ?
why do men snore ?
what is the nickname of pennsylvania ?
how many meters are in a mile ?
who was the first person to run the mile in less than four minutes ?
where did hillary clinton graduate college ?
how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their email address ?
what year did montana become a state ?
how much money are dumbo <s ears insured for ?
what building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
which ventura county police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it <s history ?
what <s the most common surname in america ?
what was the ball game of ancient mayans called ?
where can i find information about touring the philippines ?
george bush purchased a small interest in which baseball team ?
what is the deepest lake in the world ?
what does dna stand for ?
what color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
name the two mystical ravens odin has at his command .
what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate battle flag in their flags ?
what species was winnie the pooh ?
when did the dow first reach 2000 ?
what lays blue eggs ?
what <s the average salary of a professional baseball player ?
who was nicknamed the little corporal ?
how do i contact answers.com ?
who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential election ?
what amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
what kind of guitar did jimi hendrix play ?
what is a rhomboideus minor ?
what american poet wrote : << good fences make good neighbors << ?
how many people in the usa say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
who played the original charlie <s angels ?
who is desmond tutu ?
what is pilates ?
who was the king who signed the magna carta ?
how did janice joplin die ?
where did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leichhardt , prussian born explorer , go to school ?
which long lewis carroll poem was turned into a musical on the london stage ?
name randy craft <s lawyer .
name the lawyer for randy craft .
aspartame is known by what other name ?
what french ruler was defeated at the battle of waterloo ?
who is ishmael in moby dick ?
how much does it cost to register a car in new hampshire ?
what is a fear of color ?
who killed lee harvey oswald ?
what person developed cobol ?
how old was george washington when he died ?
what is california <s state bird ?
what does s.o.s. stand for ?
what mary tyler moore show regular came into the world as tadeus wladyslaw konopka ?
what country did ponce de leon come from ?
in 1990 , what day of the week did christmas fall on ?
how many nfl teams are there ?
what was the original name before << the star spangled banner << ?
what ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
name a civil war battlefield .
when was the oklahoma city bombing ?
what is the theory of equivalence states ?
who wrote the book , << the grinch who stole christmas << ?
what do you call a baby sloth ?
what kind of a sports team is the wisconsin badgers ?
who was the first holy roman emperor ?
what is the gestation period for a cat ?
when was wendy <s founded ?
what is a fear of strong light ?
what is the fastest fish in the world ?
what hair color can i use to just cover a little gray ?
what is stefan edberg <s native country ?
what was the name of the 1870s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania mining areas ?
when was thomas jefferson born ?
how tall is the eiffel tower in france ?
who is duke ellington ?
where on the body is a mortarboard worn ?
how many feet long is a baseball pitcher <s rubber ?
what is the legal age to vote in argentina ?
where is the savannah river ?
how many questions do you have on your database ?
what is nebraska <s most valuable resource ?
what is the origin of the surname of braun ?
what <s the colored part of the eye called ?
how far is it from earth to mars ?
what is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
what is beethoven <s 9th symphony called ?
what <s the most famous tourist attraction in rome ?
what u.s. congressman said : << keep the faith , baby << .
what language is mostly spoken in brazil ?
what is the name of the professional baseball team in myrtle beach , south carolina ?
what is the name of the american swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 olympics ?
when did mount st. helens last erupt ?
what is a group of antelope called ?
which of the following did not receive a 1983 << outstanding mother award << from the national mother <s day committee ?
what baseball team was the first to make numbers part of their uniform ?
who is buried in the great pyramid of giza ?
who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 film alice in wonderland ?
what is a gandy dancer ?
how many continents are there ?
what day of the week was july 13 ?
what <s the closest g2 spectrum yellow dwarf to earth ?
when was dubai <s first concrete house built ?
where is the massive north korean nuclear complex located ?
when was yemen reunified ?
when did alexandra graham bell invent the telephone ?
where is the shawnee national forest ?
what did edward binney and howard smith invent in 1903 ?
how many dogs pull a sled in the iditarod ?
what relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
what sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
about how many soldiers died in world war ii ?
what is the electrical output in madrid , spain ?
when was the de beers company founded ?
how many stars are there in big dipper ?
how many hearts does an octopus have ?
what country and western singer is known as the silver fox ?
what two european countries entered the war of american independence against the british ?
who won the oscar for best actor in 1970 ?
what does r&b stand for ?
what four forms does gold occur in ?
what islands got their name from the spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
how do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
how do you say << pig << in spanish ?
what kind of creature is a coot ?
how many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
what is jell-o made from ?
what is an antigen ?
what is the most common kind of skin cancer in the u.s. ?
why did egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
what date did neil armstrong land on the moon ?
what is the brightest star ?
what deck of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
who was the star of the 1965 broadway hit golden boy ?
what is the coldest place on earth ?
where can i find the lyrics for the song << getting married today << from the musical << company << ?
what state is the filenes store located in ?
what is the origin of the peace symbol ?
what was a mae west on a world war ii battleship ?
what <s the rathaus in frankfurt ?
what movie did madilyn kahn star in with gene wilder ?
what was andrew jackson <s wife <s name ?
who are professional female boxers ?
when was benjamin disraeli prime minister ?
how old is jeremy piven ?
what is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
where is procter & gamble headquartered in the u.s. ?
which way do you turn your bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
who directed << jaws << ?
what is a golf ball made of ?
what was the backup singing group for roy rogers ?
what country , after canada and mexico , is closest to the u.s. ?
what were the names of the three ships used by columbus ?
where was the first j.c. penney store opened ?
when does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
where did wicca first develop ?
when did iraqi troops invade kuwait ?
when did fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
how many children under 18 are victims of some sort of physical abuse each year ?
what kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
how do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
who asked you to do the loco-motion with her in 1962 ?
what is the capital of burkina faso ?
where is devil <s tower ?
name the various super-teams to which the angel has belonged .
what is the islamic equivalent of the red cross ?
what is a fear of bees ?
how much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in monopoly ?
when was the telegraph invented ?
what poem contains the line , << grow old with me the best is yet to be << .
what is cribbage ?
when was the first barbie produced ?
who played the ringo kid in the 1939 film stagecoach ?
when was the exxon valdez oil spill ?
what are enzymes ?
who first circumnavigated the globe ?
why are there braille things on the atm machines that people drive through ?
who was samuel johnsons <s friend and biographer ?
where is the orinoco ?
what french province is cognac produced in ?
when did the art of quilting begin ?
what does cc mean in letter writing ?
what is schizophrenia ?
what color are school buses ?
what <s the most commonly-spoken language in belgium ?
what is the origin of the atom ?
what city in the u.s. experienced the most growth recently ?
what 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
on which date is the ukrainians < christmas ?
what desert has the highest sand dunes ?
how long were tyrannosaurus rex <s teeth ?
boxing day is celebrated on what date ?
what is the origin of the expression << tout de suite << ?
what was the infamous pseudonym of peter sutcliffe ?
what does << intractable plantar keratoma << mean ?
what is buzz aldrin <s real first name ?
what well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named hans christian henderson ?
what was michelangelo <s last name ?
who does shakespeare <s antonio borrow 3,0 ducats from ?
who was the 33rd president of the united states ?
what is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
what year did the shuttle challenger explode ?
what soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
how did einstein die ?
what war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
where does mother angelica live ?
when did world war i start ?
what is the oldest website on the internet ?
what is dianetics ?
how can your school march in the macy <s thanksgiving parade ?
what russian seaport has a name meaning << lord of the east << ?
what is the << sunflower state << ?
how old must you be to become president of the united states ?
what country received all the nobel prizes awarded in 1976 ?
which river runs through dublin ?
what term does a czech use to describe a pole ?
when did willis haviland carrier make the air conditioner ?
cpr is the abbreviation for what ?
how many black keys are on the piano ?
what is the motto for the boy scouts ?
how much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
what is the atomic number of uranium ?
what is the oldest national park in the u.s. ?
what do river otters eat ?
in what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
what is a shaman ?
what <s the distinction of u.s. supreme court justice thurgood marshall ?
how does a rainbow form ?
where was the f troop stationed ?
how many moons does venus have ?
when was the first kidney transplant ?
how much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
where was the battle of alamo fought ?
who was the secretary of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg ?
how many types of dogs < tails are there
what is the location of the sea of tranquility ?
what is the last name of lucy and linus from the peanut <s comic strip ?
why ca n<t ostriches fly ?
what is naproxen ?
what color is << ash << ?
where was the movie << somewhere in time << filmed ?
where is mccarren airport ?
what country was a terrible beauty to leon uris ?
in what olympic games did nadia comaneci become popular ?
what is a fuel cell ?
how many years ago did the ship titanic sink ?
how tall is allen iverson ?
how many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , 1988 ?
where is the keck telescope ?
how did the disciple peter die ?
who was the first vice president of the u.s. ?
what city in florida is sea world in ?
what are equity securities ?
what was the first sam spade novel ?
when did nixon visit china ?
what was the distinguishing mark on the << little rascals << dog ?
what is amoxicillin ?
what stephen sondheim ballad ends : << well , maybe next year.. . << ?
what are aborigines ?
who won ms. american in 1989 ?
jackson pollock is of what nationality ?
in what year did thatcher gain power ?
what is foreclosure ?
in what year did thatcher become prime minister ?
what country are volvo automobiles made in ?
where are the rocky mountains ?
cnn is owned by whom ?
what are amaretto biscuits ?
name the first private citizen to fly in space .
what country did catherine the great rule ?
what is the definition of low island ?
who was the founding member of the pink floyd band ?
what <s an infant seal called ?
what is cerebral palsy ?
what is the capital of ethiopia ?
what are the colors of the german flag ?
what was the filling in the first golf balls ?
how far does a laser pointer shine ?
what was aaron copland <s most famous piece of music ?
what colors need to be mixed to get the color pink ?
who invented trivial pursuit ?
on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
where did luther display his << ninety-five theses << ?
how many people did randy craft kill ?
what wheel did blaise pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
what company is the largest japanese ship builder ?
when did gothic art and architecture flourish ?
when did north carolina enter the union ?
what is the ph scale ?
where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the << super system << ?
how much sleep should a child get at night ?
what is an earthquake ?
what two countries in south america are landlocked ?
why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
what is bill gates of microsoft e-mail address ?
where is the volcano mauna loa ?
which came first , according to genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
why ca n<t women serve in the navy on board submarines ?
what is pittsburg <s baseball team called ?
who is alberto tomba ?
what city was the first in the world to have a population over one million ?
how much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
what comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
what was the first satellite in space ?
how can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
what did jimmy stewart invent ?
when did einstein die ?
how many grammys did michael jackson win in 1983 ?
what <s the name of a hotel in indianapolis ?
what is a devo hat ?
who wrote << hamlet << ?
what is the longest english word ?
how much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , thomas jefferson on it , ?
how is thalassemia defined ?
what do you do when your mouse is n<t working as fast as it <s supposed to ?
who was the first african american to play for the brooklyn dodgers ?
what net game sees its women <s world amateur champions receive the uber cup ?
who won the superbowl in 1982 ?
when did the vesuvius last erupt ?
what airport is lcy ?
what party was winston churchill a member of ?
where is qatar ?
who was william henry harrison ?
at what time of year is air travel at a peak ?
how many feet are there in a fathom ?
what are the three animals in sheila burnford <s the incredible journey ?
what is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv <s days of our lives ?
what company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
what two south american countries do n<t border brazil ?
who developed the macintosh computer ?
who was the union general in the battle of winchester ?
who was jane goodall ?
what type of polymer is used for bulletproof vests ?
who delivered his last newscast on march 6 , 1981 ?
who was the first russian to do a spacewalk ?
who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ?
what year was mozart born ?
what <s the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
what year did alaska become a state ?
what is vertigo ?
what did the gas house gang play ?
what european capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
who made the first gas engine ?
what color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
what is another name for vitamin b1 ?
what color does litmus paper turn when it comes into contact with a strong acid ?
who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the champions ?
what meter was invented by c.c. magee in 1935 ?
who made the musical plea be true to your school ?
who painted << sunflowers << ?
what automobile company makes the spider ?
how long do flies live ?
what are the opening words of the declaration of independence ?
what was the role of the medieval guild ?
what is the average hourly rate of american workers ?
what is jane goodall famous for ?
what city is found in the city of oz ?
where is basque country located ?
where does the opera singer ileana cotrubas come from ?
how old was elvis presley when he died ?
what was the name of the plane that dropped the atomic bomb on hiroshima ?
what does the name kelly mean ?
who invented the paper clip ?
who was the author of << john brown <s body << ?
where did david ogden stiers get his undergraduate degree ?
who is considered the first lady of the american stage ?
what is the longest bone in the human body ?
what is the telephone number for the university of kentucky ?
who was president cleveland <s wife ?
what time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
where can i get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
how much does the human adult female brain weigh ?
what former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as << space man << ?
what is the average speed of the horses at the kentucky derby ?
what country was ruled by king arthur ?
what was the u.s. highway death toll in 1969 ?
what is the street address of the white house ?
what spanish artist painted crucifixion ?
what does g.m.t. stand for ?
when was babe ruth born ?
what date is richard nixon <s birthday ?
what did dan aykroyd and john belushi quit saturday night live to become ?
who danced into stardom with fred astaire in 1941 <s you <ll never get rich ?
what was the claim to fame of king camp gillette ?
who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
what tv sitcom character had the maiden name ethel potter ?
who was the leader of the branch davidian cult confronted by the fbi in waco , texas in 1993 ?
how far is the moon from earth in miles ?
where is the loop ?
when did the persian gulf war occur ?
what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
what are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
what hockey team did wayne gretzky play for ?
name an art gallery in new york .
what was the sequel to the moon <s balloon ?
what is a fear of gravity ?
how many superbowls have the ers won ?
what is head start ?
who wrote the song , << boys of summer << ?
what was her real name ?
who was america <s first public enemy no. 1 ?
who won two gold medals in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
what country was formed in 1948 ?
what actor starred in 1980 <s blue lagoon , 1982 <s the pirate movie and 1983 <s a night in heaven ?
what city is served by mccarren airport ?
when was the white house built ?
what is porphyria ?
what is acid rain ?
on what continent is egypt located ?
how many shots can a stock m16 hold ?
saddam hussein was compared to whom by president bush ?
what year did nintendo 64 come out ?
where is georgetown university ?
what is a caldera ?
when did the mesozoic period end ?
what was queen victoria <s title regarding india ?
where can i find a list of << classic << books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
where can i buy movies on videotape online ?
what is the origin of the city << corpus christi << ?
what are the greek numerals ?
what is november <s birthstone ?
who says , << if you do n<t look good , we do n<t look good << ?
what city has the world <s longest subway system ?
who was maria theresa ?
what is the design of the ship titanic ?
where does barney rubble go to work after he drops fred off in the << flintstones << cartoon series ?
what currency does luxembourg use ?
what killed bob marley ?
when was ozzy osbourne born ?
what is black hills , south dakota most famous for ?
define cosmology .
what were the most points michael jordan scored in a game ?
which bloom county resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
what is the filmmakers collabrative ?
how much protein is in tofu ?
who makes magic chef refrigerators ?
why was the l.a. office of shea and gould closed ?
what is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
what nuclear-powered russian submarine sank in the norwegian sea on april 7 , 1989 ?
what causes rust ?
what does nasa stand for ?
what do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
what was the nationality of jackson pollock ?
what school did emmitt smith go to ?
name pittsburgh <s baseball team .
what <s the world <s longest suspension bridge ?
how does a glacier form ?
how far would you run if you participate in a marathon ?
when did john f. kennedy get elected as president ?
what is propylene glycol ?
what was the monetary value of the nobel peace prize in 1989 ?
what makes thunder ?
what constellation contains the twins castor and pollux ?
what do bats eat ?
what is the average weight for a man ?
what should you yell to hail a taxi in madrid ?
what computer operating system is on the most computers ?
what was the occupation of mandy rice-davies ?
what <s the origin of the word << news << ?
how can i register my website in yahoo for free ?
what is the second hardest substance ?
who has won the most super bowls ?
who shoplifts ?
when did the vietnam war end ?
what city houses the u.s. headquarters of procter and gamble ?
how much gravity exists on mars ?
for how long is an elephant pregnant ?
what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress shelley winters every christmas for many years ?
what is the population of iceland ?
what currency does argentina use ?
what is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
what is the moulin rouge ?
what is the difference between neoclassical art and romanticism art ?
how does a small businessman contact the good humor ice cream company to do business with them ?
woodrow wilson served as president of what university ?
who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature , in 1948 ?
what new middle school was built in philadelphia , pennsylvania last year ?
when was d-day ?
on which hawaiian island is pearl harbor ?
how many states have a lottery ?
what was j.f.k. <s wife <s name ?
what does e.g. stand for ?
what golfer has been called ohio fats and blobbo ?
what is the << 7-minute cigarette << ?
what was the bridge of san luis rey made of ?
what were the causes of the civil war ?
what was mel gibson <s first movie ?
what is bill gross <s email address ?
where is rider college ?
name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
what color is the top stripe on the u.s. flag ?
what is hawaii <s state flower ?
when was cnn <s first broadcast ?
how many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
what colorado city owns its own glacier ?
how many times larger than life size is the statue of liberty ?
who was sherlock holmes < arch enemy ?
how much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
what are tourist attractions in reims ?
what two us biochemists won the nobel prize in medicine in 1992 ?
when was nostradamus born ?
where is the taj mahal ?
how fast can a king cobra kill you ?
how long was mao <s 1930s long march ?
what explorers followed columbus to the americas ?
what war did the wanna-go-home riots occur after ?
how many years old is benny carter ?
what is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization hugo that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
what country claimed rubens , van dyck and bruegel as citizens ?
what are antacids ?
who is section manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
what is a green bog ?
what is a film starring jude law ?
what is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
where can i buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
what does the abbreviation cwt. mean ?
who took over as conductor of the boston pops after arthur fiedler <s long reign ?
where was hans christian anderson born ?
where does the vice president live when in office ?
what does caliente translate to in english ?
who killed caesar ?
what is the state bird of alaska ?
how can i find online spelling ?
who invented << the muppets << ?
what does venus retrograde mean ?
what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones <s from here to eternity ?
what disease is transmitted by the anopheles mosquito ?
what president declared mothers < day ?
who discovered electricity ?
what causes tuberculosis ?
what films featured the character popeye doyle ?
how many people in tucson ?
what county is elmira , ny in ?
what is the life expectancy of a dollar bill ?
what card game has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ?
what was the nickname of german flying ace manfred von richthofen ?
what ocean did the titanic sink in ?
how fast does a cheetah run ?
where is belize located ?
what does html stand for ?
what kenyan city is the safari center for east africa ?
what group sang the song << happy together << ?
what is the virus hiv ?
what is another word for diet ?
what does ekg stand for ?
how much area does the everglades cover ?
who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
how did bob marley die ?
who reports the weather on the << good morning america << television show ?
what soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
how can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
what are << inkhorn terms << ?
what is the name of the five pointed star commonly used by satanists ?
what was the chivington massacre ?
what first-aid product << helps the hurt stop hurting << ?
how many stars are there on the soviet union <s flag ?
who was known as the time master in comic books ?
what is peyote ?
name the creator of << the muppets << .
what is the fear of being loved ?
what are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born child in judaism called ?
what does the abbreviation oas stand for ?
what is the habitat of the chickadee ?
what state is the geographic center of the lower 48 states ?
what kind of weapons were used in medieval warfare ?
how many grand slam titles did bjorn borg win ?
what city is the orange bowl in ?
what count did alexandre dumas write about ?
how does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
what is a fear of being dirty ?
what foods contain the most protein ?
what is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
name a food high in zinc .
how many islands does fiji have ?
when did beethoven die ?
where can i find correct tabs for third eye blind songs ?
what organization did mr. waverly assign agents for ?
who is the mayor of marbella ?
where can i find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
who is the prophet of the religion of islam ?
what was the birthplace of edgar allen poe ?
who was jean nicolet ?
when did the bounty mutiny take place ?
why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
what is the jewish bible called ?
where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
what is columbia tristar <s phone number ?
what is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
how many calories are in a tomato ?
hazmat stands for what ?
list the names of chewing gums .
what is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
how do you solve << rubik <s cube << ?
how many wings does a flea have ?
who was picasso ?
what gift is proper for a 1st anniversary ?
who has more dna - a man or a woman ?
what is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
who was the first u.s. president to appear on tv ?
what is the federal minimum wage ?
bastille day occurs on which date ?
how long is the columbia river in miles ?
what is david lee roth <s birthday ?
what state is john f. kennedy buried in ?
what first name was nipsy russell given at birth ?
what city in australia has rain forests ?
where is romania located ?
what did walter cronkite say at the end of every show ?
in what month are the most babies born ?
what is carbon dioxide ?
what are geckos ?
what is marilyn monroe <s real name ?
what was the christian name of the title character in our miss brooks ?
what does the method called << cold fusion << create ?
who was the first president to speak on the radio ?
who is the prime minister of japan ?
where is hearst castle , built by publisher william randolph hearst ?
what is the diameter of the moon ?
what year was the pc invented ?
what german city do italians call the monaco of bavaria ?
who made the first airplane that could fly ?
how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet source ?
what is written on the u.s. tomb of the unknown soldier ?
how long does a dog sleep ?
what is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
how can i find out how much income tax is paid on social security income on the 1998 income tax ?
name the four stories contained in edith wharton <s << old new york . <<
what is the name of the city that maurizio pellegrin lives in ?
who created the character of scrooge ?
what cheery fellow got the zip code 9971 from the u.s. postal service in 1963 ?
how did socrates die ?
what is the name of joan jett <s band ?
who is charles lindbergh ?
where was president lincoln buried ?
on which flight did fawaz younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
how many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
how do you correctly say the word < qigong < ?
what is a fear of motion ?
what is the temperature at the center of the earth ?
who started the dominos pizza chain ?
when did walt disney die ?
how many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
what south korean city is served by kimpo international airport ?
what is a fear of insanity ?
when was john d. rockefeller born ?
what is a tsunami ?
what is white chocolate ?
how fast does the fastest car go ?
where was poe born ?
how many member states are in the un ?
what are the names of jacques cousteau <s two sons ?
what percent liked thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
how many highway miles to the gallon can you get with the ford fiesta ?
what is the current population in bombay , india ?
what is the quantity of american soldiers still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
what is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the us ?
where did the 6th annual meeting of indonesia-malaysia forest experts take place ?
what does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
a normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
who was the first female united states representative ?
colin powell is best known for what achievement ?
what four-legged creature did a cornell university study say would make man <s best companion in space ?
what <s the meaning of the latin battle cry : ad arma , ad arma .
who was the oldest u.s. president ?
name the poet of the poem which begins : i do not know much about gods ; but i think that the river is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
what is the regular price ?
who is the founder of scientology ?
when was the bar-code invented ?
who is the prime minister of australia ?
what was the name of the u.s. <s first manned space program ?
when is gerald ford <s birthday ?
what sport is chris jogis a top player of ?
what is a fear of pregnancy ?
how does zatanna perform her magic in dc comics ?
what are the black hills known for ?
who wrote << the scarlet letter << ?
what is a baby turkey called ?
who was made the first honorary citizen of the u.s. ?
what russian composer <s prelude in c sharp minor brought him fame and fortune ?
what vladimir nabokov novel features professor humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
who was abraham in the old testament ?
who were the five marx brothers ?
who won the first world series ?
what does the word laser mean ?
who was quetzalcoatl ?
who is snoopy <s arch-enemy ?
what country was sir edmund hillary born in ?
which type of submarine was bought recently by south korea ?
where are diamonds mined ?
how many penny-farthings are there on a trivial pursuit game board ?
what dummy received an honorary degree from northwestern university ?
how many lawyers are there in the state of new jersey ?
in what book can i find the story of aladdin ?
what color is an arctic fox in winter ?
what hollywood dog died in the arms of jean harlow in 1932 ?
where is hill air force base ?
what province is montreal in ?
what <s the name of popeye <s adopted son ?
what is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
what is the ohio state bird ?
what is the definition of a cascade ?
what is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
why is it called << hamburger << if there is no ham in it ?
what mythical scottish town appears for one day every 100 years ?
how many boys play the game in winslow homer <s 1872 painting snap the whip ?
what is a thermometer ?
who is william wordsworth ?
what <s the easiest way to remove wallpaper ?
what is the state flower of michigan ?
how fast is the world spinning ?
what was the name of jacques cousteau <s ship ?
what is a nematode ?
which vintage rock and roll singer was known as << the killer << ?
who was the only golfer to win the u.s. and british opens and amateurs in the same year ?
who made the first surfboard ?
what is diabetes ?
what is digitalis ?
in what year did the us marine corps adopt the motto << semper fidelis << ?
who is samuel pickering ?
what does u.s.s.r. stand for ?
what <s the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of laos ?
what is mexico <s population ?
who made stonehenge ?
where is natick ?
what is the diameter of a golf ball ?
what lake is sheboygan on ?
where does the santa fe trail begin and end ?
what is supergirl <s secret identity ?
how do you make a paintball ?
how long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
what trophy is awarded to the winners of the super bowl ?
what creature scares people in the film << jaws << ?
how much vitamin c should you take in a day ?
what is cryogenics ?
what is the world <s highest peak ?
who is henry butler ?
where is amsterdam ?
what did john f. kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
in what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
what is the capital of syria ?
how many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
where is the highest point in japan ?
what is sodium chloride ?
when mighty mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
when was china <s first nuclear test ?
name the highest mountain .
what double talking << professor << holds a doctorate in nothing ?
when did yankee stadium first open ?
what caribbean island is northeast of trinidad ?
how do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ?
what company makes bentley cars ?
what new york city structure is also known as the twin towers ?
what is a neurosurgeon ?
what stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
who does the advertizing for frito-lay ?
what was organized as a confederate veterans < social club in pulaski , in tennessee , in 1866 ?
who was the u.s. president in 1929 ?
what <s another name for aspartame ?
in what city is the famed st. mark <s square ?
what film or films has jude law appeared in ?
what are polymers ?
what is the population of maryland ?
what future president became senate majority whip under harry truman ?
what are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
what is a meerkat ?
where did sarge steel get his metal hand ?
what is the term for a group of geese ?
what planet is known as the << red << planet ?
what is epilepsy ?
what is a fear of glass ?
how much did mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
what metropolis landmark was first introduced in the superman cartoons of the 1940<s ?
when was the buckingham palace built in london , england ?
what tragedy befell the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
what is the socratic method ?
what constitutes an adult ?
what astronomical phenomenon takes place in jan. 1999 ?
what broadway musical is the song << the story is me << from ?
who coined the term << cyberspace << in his novel << neuromancer << ?
what two countries < coastlines border the bay of biscay ?
name a gaelic language .
who replies << i know << to princess leia <s confession << i love you << in the empire strikes back ?
name the food company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads .
what was the name of the cook on rawhide ?
what is a fear of water ?
what are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
when did the hindenberg crash ?
what are quaaludes ?
what is the currency used in china ?
how fast is alcohol absorbed ?
who is the voyager project manager ?
what is the birthstone for june ?
what building are british monarchs crowned in ?
where is the orinoco river ?
name the islamic counterpart to the red cross .
why do n<t you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
what is smokey the bear <s middle name ?
what did the only repealed amendment to the u.s. constitution deal with ?
what enigmatic u.s. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
what is the real name of the singer , madonna ?
where did golda meir grow up ?
what does < psi < stand for ?
when was the dog domesticated ?
what two researchers discovered the double-helix structure of dna in 1953 ?
how much was a ticket for the titanic ?
what did delilah do to samson <s hair ?
where did marijuana come from ?
how did patsy cline die
how tall is mt. everest ?
what president is on a quarter ?
when did the klondike gold rush occur ?
who directed the film << fail safe << ?
what is the longest suspension bridge in the u.s. ?
when were the first postage stamps issued in the united states ?
what u.s. general was court-martialled for criticizing american air power ?
where can i find a << fifth element << screensaver ?
how far is a nautical mile ?
what causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
who painted the ceiling of the sistine chapel ?
what is poliomyelitis ?
who was buffalo bill ?
what is the atomic weight of silver ?
what tv series did pierce brosnan play in ?
when did the california lottery begin ?
what color bottles do good rhine wines come in ?
what united states city produces the most oil ?
what currency is used in algeria ?
what is the gestation period for humans ?
who founded the people <s temple commune ?
what county is modesto , california in ?
what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
what country <s capital is tirana ?
a corgi is a kind of what ?
what famed london criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
when was berlin <s brandenburg gate erected ?
how do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
how is answers.com different from knowpost.com ?
what national league baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
who created the fantastic four , hulk , and thor ?
what is the name of the famous dogsledding race held each year in alaska ?
whose cover is that of an employee of universal import and export ?
how many people were executed for abraham lincoln <s assassination ?
the orange bowl is located in what city ?
what baseball team became the minnesota twins ?
what <s the term for a young fox ?
what latin american country is the leading exporter of sugar cane ?
what is a heuristic ?
what is the statue of liberty made of ?
what is the full form of .com ?
what is hypertext ?
what is the best way to overcome a fear ?
what causes asthma ?
where did woodstock take place ?
what is the contents of proposition 98 ?
how many americans fought for the british in the american revolution ?
what cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
how many soldiers were involved in the last panama invasion by the united states of america ?
in what u.s. state was the first woman governor elected ?
what hermann hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
what is the capital of victoria ?
what is the origin of the word << posh << ?
when was lyndon b. johnson president ?
what magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
where was ulysses s. grant born ?
what is the effect of volcanoes on the climate ?
what is the per-capita income of colombia , south america , ?
who invented the electric guitar ?
what dumb-but-loveable character did maurice gosfield play on the phil silvers show ?
which gender has bigger thighs ?
what country do the galapagos islands belong to ?
where is rider college located ?
what is the capital of congo ?
what fraction of a beaver <s life is spent swimming ?
what are the urals ?
what stadium do the miami dolphins play their home games in ?
how tall is mount mckinley ?
what is hybridization ?
what was the name of the sitcom that alyssa milano starred in with tony danza ?
of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch << the simpsons << ?
what is ethology ?
what do peacocks mate with ?
what country other than germany invaded poland in september 1939 ?
aspartame is also called what ?
what is the origin of << jiggy << as in getting jiggy with it ?
where do apple snails live ?
how far is yaroslavl from moscow ?
what are the top ten most common girl names in the us ?
who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
what is the zip code for parsippany , nj ?
what wrestling star became << the incredible hulk << ?
who made the rotary engine automobile ?
where can you find the venus flytrap ?
who was the first taiwanese president ?
in what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
what are brazil <s national colors ?
what asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
what actor <s autobiography is titled all my yesterdays ?
how many colleges are in wyoming ?
what was the top box office movie in april 1998 ?
what does your spleen do ?
what is the name of a greek god ?
when was sputnik launched ?
what beach was << i dream of jeannie << filmed on ?
who created big ben ?
what is an eclipse ?
how many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
when was the first ford mustang made ?
what chapter of the bible has the most verses ?
what college produced the most winning super bowl quarterbacks ?
what gasses are in the troposphere ?
what is the height of the tallest redwood ?
what is e-coli ?
what were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
which u.s.a. president appeared on << laugh-in << ?
who has the only speaking role in << silent movie << ?
which president was sworn into office on an airplane ?
what italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
what is the name of the michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
how many great lakes are there ?
how wide is the atlantic ocean ?
what does phi beta kappa mean ?
what instrument does ray charles play ?
what woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
what was the name of the << little rascals << dog ?
what language do they speak in new caledonia ?
what is the most popular sport in japan ?
what year was the phonograph invented ?
what is the north korean national anthem ?
what european city do nicois live in ?
what country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
how many colonies were involved in the american revolution ?
what are two plants that clothes are made from ?
when was the battle of hastings ?
what group starred in the movie rock around the clock ?
what did fcc chairman newton minow declare tv to be on may 9 , 1961 ?
who wrote the book , << huckleberry finn << ?
which mountain range in north america stretches from maine to georgia ?
who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ?
what college did allen iverson attend ?
in which tennessee williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
what is a phalanx ?
what is the capital of kentucky ?
why did the chicken cross the road ?
what is the exchange rate for australian to american money ?
how did molly shannon <s mother die ?
what nationality were the 123 people who died in the black hole of calcutta ?
what is the most frequently spoken language in the netherlands ?
what is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
how is easter sunday <s date determined ?
what is maryland <s state bird ?
what was the last year that the chicago cubs won the world series ?
what does aclu stand for ?
what state has the longest great lakes shoreline ?
how do i get another city <s newspaper ?
what is the capital city of new zealand ?
who sang about desmond and molly jones ?
what is gymnophobia ?
what city does mccarren airport serve ?
what is a parasite ?
what is natural gas composed of ?
what character did tex avery first create upon arriving at mgm ?
what are pediatricians ?
what college football team did knute rockne build into a power ?
how many months does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
where is webster university ?
when was rosa parks born ?
what year did the first issue of << playboy << come out ?
how does one correctly pronounce << qigong << ?
when did the << star-spangled banner << become the national anthem ?
what game <s board shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
what year did canada join the united nations ?
what day did neil armstrong land on the moon ?
who was elected president of south africa in 1994 ?
what is the airport code for los angeles international ?
who was the first american to walk in space ?
what is the cav <s arena name ?
in what year did hitler gain power of germany ?
what animal has the biggest eyes ?
what is a fear of shadows ?
who was the only u.s. president to wear a nazi uniform ?
who produces spumante ?
the corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
what is ethylene ?
what is nepotism ?
what format was vhs <s main competition ?
name the disposable razor that << costs about 19 cents . <<
what tv show premiered on january 15 , 1981 ?
who created private detective philip marlowe ?
when is fashion week in nyc ?
what is the degree of tilt of earth ?
what is the democratic party symbol ?
what musical instrument did sherlock holmes play ?
where are the british crown jewels kept ?
what does laser stand for ?
what country has the largest sheep population ?
in what religion was isis the nature goddess ?
what is the salary of a u.s. representative ?
what day was pearl harbor attacked in 1942 ?
what was the first spaceship on the moon ?
what is the half-life of p-32 ?
in which city is the river seine ?
what is the scientific name for tobacco ?
what language is most commonly used in bombay ?
what king was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
what australian city became the home of the america <s cup ?
what color poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
what is teflon ?
what was agent orange used for during the vietnam war ?
what <s the hardest substance in the human body ?
who seized power from milton obote in 1971 ?
how many fiddlers did old king cole have ?
what crooner joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama ?
where is the lourve ?
what was the first name of the gehrig who played for the new york yankees ?
how much pizza do americans eat in a day ?
what is d.b. cooper known for ?
where are all european and american eels born ?
aspartame is also known as what ?
what caused shea & gould to close their l.a. office ?
how do i sing like elvis presley ?
in what year did joe dimaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
what gaming devices were dubbed << mississippi marbles << and << memphis dominoes << ?
what is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
what is a jake brake ?
how much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
what is strep throat ?
what is the highest recorded temperature in san antonio , tx ?
what does << antidisestablishmentarianism << mean ?
how many feet in a mile ?
what is an arab strap ?
what century does captain video live in ?
what birthstone is turquoise ?
what is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
what are different products of petroleum ?
name the only extant trilogy of classical greek plays .
how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on alaska <s north coast ?
what asian leader was known as the little brown saint ?
what do i need to do to take my dog with me to live in dominica , west indies for a year ?
what is another name for nearsightedness ?
what u.s. state <s motto is << live free or die << ?
what country is aswan high dam located in ?
what day is known as the << national day of prayer << ?
how many different vegetation zones are there ?
what city is the kentucky horse park near ?
what boxer <s life story is titled raging bull ?
how large in square miles is north carolina ?
what season is the setting for shakespeare <s midsummer night <s dream ?
what is nathan hamill <s role in the new star wars prequel ?
what is bipolar disorder ?
what president served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
what is one of the cities that the university of minnesota is located in ?
what age followed the bronze age ?
who directed the wild bunch ?
what is slang for a << five dollar bill << ?
what city is sometimes called the athens of switzerland ?
what is the size of argentina ?
what year did the united states abolish the draft ?
what does it mean << rupee depreciates << ?
what do the names andrew and christina mean ?
who wrote the farmer <s almanac ?
what is pastrami made of ?
where is the danube ?
what is eta in spain ?
what color is yak milk ?
how much electricity does the brain need to work ?
what children <s tale contains the line : << come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me << ?
when was the pencil first invented ?
how big is our galaxy in diameter ?
where is guam ?
what film did lee marvin win the 1965 best actor oscar for ?
where did guinea pigs originate ?
what is the oldest profession ?
what film was jude law in ?
who was the 21st u.s. president ?
name the university of which woodrow wilson was president .
what are bear and bull markets ?
name alvin <s brothers
what are emblazoned on the jolly roger ?
what is drew barrymore <s middle name ?
how many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
who is barbara jordan ?
how do you abbreviate << original equipment manufacturer << ?
who is secretary-general of the united nations ?
name the largest country in south america .
what world war i battle saw 6,0 troops killed in one day ?
what was the length of the wright brothers < first flight ?
what country <s northernmost city is darwin ?
what is quicksilver ?
who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in a season ?
what is frank sinatra <s nickname ?
where was the first golf course in the united states ?
what is the population of china ?
what state is niagara falls located in ?
what will happen when sodium is put in water ?
how many states were still united after the southern states seceded ?
in what state was the first co-educational college established
what was another name for east germany ?
what is the population of mozambique ?
what kind of education do i need to become a flight attendant ?
what year was the movie << ole yeller << made ?
what is the origin of the name < scarlett < ?
what did aaron hass write ?
what type of performer is ileana cotrubas ?
who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on games ?
how many layers of yellow paint is a faber mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
where can i find book reviews of << turbulent souls << ?
what is the largest natural lake in pennsylvania ?
what is the normal blood sugar range for people ?
what is the name of a newborn swan ?
what three colors are on the french flag ?
what is the name given to the tiger at louisiana state university ?
what is the major fault line near kentucky ?
what did ozzy osbourne bite the head off of ?
who is a german philosopher ?
what is moxie ?
what <s the capital of iowa ?
where is the abominable snowman said to wander ?
what is a fear of weakness ?
who was with patricia hearst the night she was kidnapped ?
what city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
what are the arabic numerals from 1 to 10 ?
if something has petrified , what has it turned into ?
what are birds descendents of ?
what is the home rule act ?
what is the most common cancer ?
what is the date of the kent state shooting ?
when was the first stamp issued ?
what is the best-selling book of all time ?
what mammal of north america is the world <s longest-lived for its size ?
what continent is india on ?
what actress starred in << the lion in winter << ?
what <s the nearest star to earth ?
what is the melting point of copper ?
how do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
in what area of the world was the six day war fought ?
name a tiger that is extinct .
which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
when were camcorders introduced in malaysia ?
what predators exist on antarctica ?
what fictional character is known as the << melancholy dane << ?
what is the us federal government website for standard industrial classification codes , sic , ?
when was the slinky invented ?
what was the only country you were allowed to drive into israel from in 1979 ?
how do clouds form ?
during which season do most thunderstorms occur ?
what do we call the imaginary line along the top of the rocky mountains ?
when did president herbert hoover die ?
how do you get to the top of the eiffel tower ?
what year did south dakota become a state ?
what is << nine inch nails << ?
what is the history of valentine <s day cards ?
what <s the american dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the u.k. ?
what is the name of the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
in what year was de gaulle elected president of france ?
who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military joint chiefs of staff ?
what is the scientific name for leech ?
who developed potlatch ?
what do you call a professional map drawer ?
what is the proper name for a female walrus ?
how did mahatma gandhi die ?
when is boxing day ?
when was calypso music invented ?
what is francis scott key best known for ?
what is the normal pulse rate ?
who did scott bakula play in << american beauty << ?
how does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
what is the name of the << female << counterpart to el nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
name a female figure skater .
what <s the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
what is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
what famous communist leader died in mexico city ?
what does the six-footed musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
how many superbowls have the 49ers won ?
who is the queen of holland ?
where on the internet can i find information on laundry detergent ?
what year was the gateway arch built ?
what is the meaning of the name ella ?
who built the first pyramid ?
how do you say << house << in spanish ?
what were the achievements of richard nixon ?
where can i find information on the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island ?
what is the name of the chocolate company in san francisco ?
who said of super bowl iii in 1969 : << we <ll win - i guarantee it << ?
how long was the tv mission of star trek <s enterprise to be ?
what two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
what <s the population of biloxi , mississippi
how far can a man travel in outer space ?
what novel has big brother watching ?
how do you make panoramic sugar eggs for easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
how many wives did brigham young have ?
when did henry viii rule england ?
the u.s. department of treasury first issued paper currency for the u.s. during which war ?
how many referees work a soccer game ?
how do i register a trade name in north carolina ?
which ear can most people hear better with ?
how many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
what is pneumonia ?
when was jackie robinson born ?
what was the name of the first child of english parents to be born in america ?
what does the << c << stand for in the equation eequalsmc2 ?
what percent of the u.s. is african american ?
what country is the holy city of mecca located in ?
what is after death ?
what was the man <s name who was killed in a duel with aaron burr ?
what <s the only work by michelangelo that bears his signature ?
where is poe <s birthplace ?
what information can you tell me about actor james cromwell ?
what are cobol , fortran , and pascal ?
what is the hub of london ?
what year was the avery dennison company founded ?
who was whitcomb judson ?
what does a nihilist believe in ?
how do i tie dye clothes ?
what is the life span of the average monkey ?
what is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
define the pheonix club ?
what was the largest crowd to ever come see michael jordan ?
how do you write a book report ?
how many leos have been pope ?
what is the chemiosmotic theory ?
what country is the largest in square miles ?
what common ailment ca n<t you catch at the north pole ?
what is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
what document did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
what is the national airline of spain ?
what hemisphere is the philippines in ?
when did marian anderson sing at the lincoln memorial ?
where is the smallest bone in the body ?
what daughter of henry viii and anne boleyn became queen of england ?
how many times in his 16-year national basketball associaton career was john havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
how do you reference a website ?
describe the finnish music personality salonen <s appearance .
where is glasgow ?
what record company produced the 1978 movie the wiz ?
who is the youngest of the beatles ?
how long did it take stanley to find livingstone ?
how do i find out about jobs ?
where did roger williams , pianist , grow up ?
how many astronauts manned each project mercury flight ?
when is dick clark <s birthday ?
what is the name for the technique of growing certain plants in soils contaminated with toxic metals , wherein the plants take up the toxic metals , are harvested , and the metals recovered for recycling ?
what is the only artery that carries blue blood from the heart to the lungs ?
what state <s home to the buffalo bill historical center ?
what william styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
who is the author of the book , << the iron lady : a biography of margaret thatcher << ?
who won the nobel prize in literature in 1988 ?
what does target heart rate mean ?
what university was woodrow wilson president of ?
what is the treatment for depression ?
what county is wilmington , delaware in ?
what country is the setting for edgar allan poe <s the pit and the pendulum ?
what is australia <s national blossom ?
what are the various ways in which one can measure it user satisfaction level ?
which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
why did the anglican church split from the vatican ?
what country are you in if you woo in the wu dialect ?
what kind of science is cosmology ?
what college did magic johnson attend ?
what breeds of dog have won the << best in show << award at the westminster dog show ?
how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cells ?
what triple crown-winning horse took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 lengths ?
when was the battle of shiloh ?
where was pythagoras born ?
what company produced rotary engine vehicles ?
who wrote << dubliners << ?
in what year did ireland elect its first woman president ?
in what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
what is the motto for the state of maryland ?
how much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
what is the longest place name in the u.s. ?
what is the pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
when did the original howdy doody show go off the air ?
what is mardi gras ?
what marx brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
what is cryptography ?
in the bible , who was jacob <s mother ?
which city has the oldest relationship as a sister-city with los angeles ?
when did communist control end in hungary ?
the jewish alphabet is known as what ?
what is ouzo ?
what is the largest snake in the world ?
what <s the southern dish made of pigs < small intestines ?
what <s the international radio code word for the letter b ?
how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
who is stein eriksen ?
at christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
where is the eiffel tower ?
how many cds has garth brooks sold ?
what london street is the home of british journalism ?
what is the highest waterfall in the united states ?
what do grasshoppers eat ?
how long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
name the scar-faced bounty hunter of the old west .
where are the national archives ?
when did << the simpsons << first appear on television ?
what was the most popular toy in 1957 ?
what is the origin of the word << pallbearer ? <<
who is terrence malick ?
why are the ears your center of balance ?
what are the names of the different toes ?
what effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
what infectious disease is the world <s deadliest ?
what is the largest city in the u.s. ?
what was the name of the first u.s. satellite sent into space ?
who said : << soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit << ?
name a flying mammal .
what color are crickets ?
what actor first portrayed james bond ?
what information can you get me on fairground park in st. louis
who invented basketball ?
when is the official first day of summer ?
how old is the red pyramid ?
what is the lowest level of the american judiciary ?
how is it correct to say << qigong << ?
what is the range for the number of passengers a boeing 747 airplane can carry ?
where <s the 19th hole on a golf course ?
what does cnn stand for ?
when was abraham lincoln born ?
what cuban dictator did fidel castro force out of power in 1958 ?
what is semolina ?
which u.s. state is the leading corn producer ?
who wrote << fiddler on the roof << ?
what is the city of brotherly love ?
what caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the united nations general assembly ?
what countries have the best math students ?
what do the letters zip stand for in the phrase << zip code << ?
how do you address a chinese person ?
what does the abbreviation wasp mean ?
what was marilyn monroe <s real name ?
who sings the song << drink to me with thine eyes << by ben johnson ?
how long is the great barrier reef ?
what does i.v. stand for ?
what are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
what person <s head is on a dime ?
what english word has the most letters ?
what is nanotechnology ?
what country has the best defensive position in the board game diplomacy ?
what is bausch & lomb ?
name the marvel team loosely based on dc <s justice league of america ?
what is the equivalent of the red cross in the middle east ?
what are people born 1965 through 1980 called ?
what excuse did the nato people give for hitting the chinese embassy ?
why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
what is the origin of the word , jj .
how tall is tom cruise ?
what do you call a word that is spelled the same backwards and forwards ?
which city did christian crusaders fight to recapture from the muslims ?
which is the only dick tracy villain to appear three times ?
what was the cause of bob marley <s death ?
how often are quadruplets born ?
which one of the original seven mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury flights ?
what is the sales tax rate in new york ?
what was dr. seuss < real name ?
what holidays are celebrated in ireland ?
what populous state covers 49,576 square miles ?
what is titanium ?
what is the city in which maurizio pellegrin lives called ?
how many states did richard nixon carry in 1972 ?
what are canada <s two territories ?
whose video is titled shape up with arnold ?
what is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
what <s the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
what events happened january 26 , 1978 ?
what country is kosovo a part of ?
how many times was pitcher , warren spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
what is the keystone state ?
how old was the youngest president of the united states ?
how many dots make up the symbol for << because << ?
where are the british crown jewels kept ?
who is dear abby ?
where is the henry ford museum ?
what does the greek word polis mean , as in minneapolis ?
where did the term << 86ed << come from ?
what is the name of the heroine in << gone with the wind << ?
when were the olympic games in which nadia comaneci became popular played ?
what is the chemical formula\/name for napalm ?
how many people in america snore ?
what is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
which team won the super bowl in 1968 ?
who is the president of the spanish government ?
what is the origin of thank you notes ?
what are the nordic nations ?
what is dick clark <s date of birth ?
who manufacturers magic chef applicances ?
what is the length of churchill downs racetrack ?
how far is pluto from the sun ?
how do i write to my congressman ?
what are a baseball team <s firemen ?
when was the last major eruption of mount st. helens ?
how can i transport files from one computer to another ?
what does ibm stand for ?
when were william shakespeare <s twins born ?
what country <s leader was awarded the 2000 nobel peace prize ?
what is tci ?
where is one <s corpus callosum found ?
when did houdini die ?
how many years do fossils take to form ?
who created << the muppets << ?
how old do you have to be in order to rent a car in italy ?
what was president lyndon johnson <s reform program called ?
for what disease is the drug sinemet used as a treatment ?
who owns cnn ?
what is << dew point << ?
where was john adams born ?
what is a group of turkeys called ?
what is the fear of lightning called ?
what city did duke ellington live in ?
which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
what month , date , and year did charles i die ?
where can stocks be traded on-line ?
name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
what is california <s capital ?
what is tmj ?
what is a person called that likes fire ?
what is << the bear of beers << ?
what is the folklore story regarding birds < nests and birds in christmas trees ?
who is the monarch of the united kingdom ?
what are the twin cities ?
who invented batteries ?
what is the fear of frogs ?
what is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
where is the volcano olympus mons located ?
what year did mussolini seize power in italy ?
where can i find full written draft of ctbt ?
where did bocci originate ?
who was the baseball player given the nickname << mr. october << ?
what book did aaron hass write ?
what country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
what country covers 8,600,387 square miles ?
what <s the no. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
what nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
how did adolf hitler die ?
who was president of costa rica in 1994 ?
what two countries share the khyber pass ?
when did spielberg direct << jaws << ?
why do some clothing labels say << use a nonchlorine bleach << ?
what is relative humidity ?
what former president <s daughter has written a book titled murder in the white house ?
where is the kentucky horse park located ?
what united states president had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
what do the letters d.c. stand for in washington , d.c. ?
how long is camptown racetrack ?
where can i find a case on individuals with disabilities education act of 1991 ?
what is the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
what day and month did nixon resign ?
what was the hunchback of notre dame <s real name ?
what is the population of mexico ?
what part of the eye continues to grow throughout a person <s life ?
in which kevin costner movie did sioux indians play a role ?
what is the mascot for notre dame university ?
what is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
what is a hyperlink ?
what is the name of the dog on the cracker jack box ?
who invented make-up ?
how far is the pitchers mound from home plate in softball ?
what is the duration of the trip from bristol to london by rail ?
what is the largest lake in north america ?
the major league baseball team in pittsburgh is called what ?
what countries have the largest areas of forest ?
what is the capital of uruguay ?
what city is purdue university in ?
what does the name << sabrina << mean ?
who makes viagra ?
where does your hair grow the fastest ?
what are the seven virtues ?
what can i use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
who released the internet worm in the late 1980s ?
jude law acted in which film ?
what site did lindbergh begin his flight from in 1927 ?
how many vietnamese were there in the soviet union ?
what percentage of americans own their homes ?
how did george washington die ?
what kind of flowers does detective nero wolfe raise ?
what is the chemical formula for sulphur dioxide ?
when did led zeppelin appear on bbc ?
who wrote << the pit and the pendulum << ?
what do most tourists visit in reims ?
how many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
what is nitrox diving ?
how old was nolan ryan when he retired ?
how many stories are in the sears tower ?
when did the story of romeo and juliet take place ?
what u.s. government agency registers trademarks ?
what country made the statue of liberty ?
what state did the battle of bighorn take place in ?
what is the best internet business to go into ?
what city is served by logan international airport ?
what is the boiling point of water ?
how do you send a movie transcript to hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
what do you call a << twirl << in ballet ?
where <s the petrified forest ?
what does a tarantula eat ?
how many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
what inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in july , 1984 ?
which two states enclose chesapeake bay ?
how many minutes were there on the original ge college bowl clock ?
where was the andersonville prison ?
who developed the vaccination against polio ?
how old is bernadette peters ?
what is the purpose of a car bra ?
what is << bloodhound << ?
how can i easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
what is film noir ?
what french designer declared : << the jean is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity . the jean must be stopped ! << ?
how did the jack-o<-lantern get it <s name ?
which of the following was rhodes scholar ?
what year was the naacp founded ?
what can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
who is the president pro tempore of the us senate ?
what is cholesterol ?
what cherokee indian gave his name to a tree ?
what is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the manhatten project ?
tell me where the dupont company is located.
which hair care product told us << hate that gray , wash it away << ?
what does nicholas cage do for a living ?
what city is known as the rubber capital of the world ?
when did the 6-day war begin ?
what do you call a group of geese ?
who did bobby fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
what is the population of ohio ?
what is acetaminophen ?
what explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
what is a fear of food ?
what are the words to the canadian national anthem ?
who killed more people , hitler or stalin ?
what feathered cartoon characters do yugoslavians know as vlaja , gaja , and raja ?
what is home equity ?
what dickens novel has david carrying the message << barkis is willin << to peggy ?
where was lincoln assassinated ?
what city is often called the insurance capital of the world ?
what is the nickname of the state of mississippi ?
how did << stat << come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
what mountainous region of the world is the lhasa apso dog native to ?
what is hyperopia ?
who invented the calculator ?
what is the chunnel ?
which of the following rock <n roll stars has a << star << on hollywood boulevard ?
what sport do the cleaveland cavaliers play ?
what does god create in the first sentence of the bible ?
who made the first airplane ?
what is the world <s second largest island ?
which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
when is snoop dog <s birthday ?
what was the first lifesaver flavor ?
who is the president of stanford university ?
how many counties are in indiana ?
what is cache memory ?
mccarren airport is located in what city ?
what was unusual about alexandra <s appearance in josie and the pussycats ?
what national basketball association superstar told his story in giant steps ?
who was the abolitionist who led the raid on harper <s ferry in 1859 ?
what is dudley do-right <s horse <s name ?
what are the spots on dominoes called ?
where is big ben ?
what is michael jackson <s middle name ?
what are liver enzymes ?
why does a candle need a wick ?
what is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
what is the tallest building in japan ?
what is glass made of ?
who is the worst us president ever ?
what stereo manufacturer is << slightly ahead of its time << ?
what is a fear of fur ?
how much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
what barroom judge called himself the law west of the pecos ?
shea and gould had an office in los angeles for how long before closing it ?
what are triglycerides ?
what baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
who is the founder of the wal-mart stores ?
how big is the electoral college ?
what spanish explorer discovered the mississippi river ?
what part of their attire were << pothooks << to cowboys of the old west ?
when was the first wall street journal published ?
what is the brand name of daminozide ?
who invented paper ?
who patented the first phonograph ?
who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
what keeps clouds in the air ?
when was king louis xiv born ?
which planet did the spacecraft magellan enable scientists to research extensively ?
what is the brightest star visible from earth ?
what was the u.s. highway death toll in 1969 ?
when did lucelly garcia , a former ambassador of columbia to honduras , die ?
when did george w. bush get elected as the governor of texas ?
who is akbar the great ?
who is the composer of << canon in d major << ?
who were the four famous founders of united artists ?
what is the name of ling ling <s mate ?
what kind of animals are dorsets , lincolns , oxfords and southdowns ?
where is perth ?
what <s the largest letter in salvador dali <s signature ?
what mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
what does el nino mean in spanish ?
where is the national hurricane center located ?
who developed the first polio vaccine ?
what must a las vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
what is the name of the normal process in all living things , including humans , in which cells are programmed to << commit suicide << ?
how did lee harvey oswald purchase his rifle ?
what sign is the water carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
what english word contains the most letters ?
what is the name of the country in the pyrenees mountains between france and spain ?
what is a golden parachute ?
when was the first heart transplant ?
what was the price of varian associates < vacuum products division ?
what were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
what does elysium mean ?
in what high-risk business venture did jimmy the greek bet and lose ?
what is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in top cat <s neighborhood ?
what percentage of the population is left handed ?
what japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
how do i e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
what is myopia ?
what is severance pay ?
name a film that has won the golden bear in the berlin film festival ?